Chuck Norris' first job was as a paperboy. There were no survivors.
Chuck Norris doesnt play dodgeball. Balls play dodge Chuck Norris.
If you want to know why the world ends on December 21, 2012... just ask Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can download hardware.
Chuck norris has been on many suicide missions.........he survived every last one of them
chuck norris once round house kicked someone so hard mt. st. helens erupted 
Chuck Norris was stranded in the wilderness with Bear Grylls and Les Stroud... only Chuck made it out alive.
There is an 11th comandment...   thou shal not insult Chuck Norris (if caught he will roundhouse kick you to hell)
Chuck Norris saves money when YOU pinch pennies.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to sleep with one eye open; he can see through his eyelids
Water boils faster when Chuck Norris is watching
Chuck Norris was practicing roundhouse kicks and caused hurricane Katrina and the Pacific Tsunami
Chuck Norris had a black belt in jiu-jitsu, right after birth.
Chuck Norris can see himself sleeping...
July 4th is Independence day. And the day Chuck Norris was born. Coincidence? I think not.
Chuck Norris can strum your pain with his fingers, tell your whole life with his words – but mainly just kill you softly with his song.
Chuck Norris once infected a virus.
Before there were Big Macs, there were Little Macs... they were to small for Chuck Norris so he round-house kicked it so hard it became a Big Mac.
Chuck Norris snores, and the world trembles.
In the movie "Love Story," Ali McGraw was actually crying because she heard that Chuck Norris was coming to kill Ryan O'Neal.
Chuck Norris once caught the flu and released it immediately out of pity.
Chuck Norris once decided to dig a hole, today we call it the Grand Canyon.
When life gives Chuck Norris lemons, he destroys an orphanage
Chuck Norris once joined the Army. That's how the motto, "An Army of One" was created
Chuck Norris can rhyme purple
The reason why that Sci-fi show was called Babylon 5 is because Chuck Norris destroyed Babylons 1 through 4.
Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with a mixture of iron shavings, industrial paint remover, and wood-grain alcohol.
When Chuck Norris was given a Toyota Camry instead of another car as a prank, he roundhouse kicked a Toyota factory. The kick caused Toyota's recalls 
Newton's Third Law is wrong: Although it states that for each action, there is an equal and opposite reaction, there is no force equal in reaction to a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
On June 25th 2009 Chuck Norris decided to not buy any more Music Mad by Michael Jackson...
Michael Jackson learned the moon walk to watch out for Chuck Norris and run away at the same time.
Adobe uses Chuck Norris photos to improve Photoshop
They have officially changed the "Happy Birthday" song to "Thank you Chuck Norris for letting me live".
When Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks, physics decides to shut up.
Chuck Norris scared the Brave Little Toaster.
Chuck Norris lost a fight only once, it was an internal struggle... to not roundhouse kick you in the head. Come to think of it, you lost that fight.
When Chuck Norris is swimming don't bump him.... we don't want the Titanic to happen again.
Whenever Chuck Norris plays Poker, no matter how many cards are in the deck, he will always get a hand of five Aces.
Chuck Norris proved the Riemann Hypothesis.
Chuck Norris ran around the world twice and came back yesterday. 
Chuck Norris' force is more powerful then gravity itself.
If you spell Chuck noris's name wrong he will find you and kil....
Knock, knock.  Who's there?  Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks.  Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks who?  Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks YOUR FACE!
The Playstation Network is down because Chuck Norris unplugged his PS3.
When you play the Chuck Norris Yu-Gi-Oh card, you win every game within a 100 mile radius. Even if it's not Yu-Gi-Oh.
Chuck Norris likes pie, deal with it.
Michael Jackson does Moonwalk. Chuck Norris does Sunwalk.
The pursuit of happiness is after Chuck Norris 
Chuck Norris, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and Bruce Willis walked into a bar, and the building fell down because nothing can contain that much awesomness.
Virgin olive oil was invented the first time Chuck Norris broke a sweat.
Hitler didn't commit suicide, Chuck Norris round housed kicked him in the face. That's why they never found his body.
Chuck Norris can hit 11 out of 10 targets with 9 arrows.
A guy once challenge Chuck Norris to a staring contest. Out of mercy, Chuck Norris let him live blind with three fingers and a nostril.
if the mountain won't come to Muhammad, Chuck Norris will bring it.
The only thing Chuck Norris doesn't know is his true potential.
Chuck Norris' business card says, "I'll call you"
Batman is scarred of the dark because of Chuck Norris
There is an axioma that says that it is impossible to tell a lie about Chuck Norris. Words cannot describe the awesomeness.
Rampage Jackson was found dead last week, the last words he mutterd were Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris dosn't need a bullet proof vest because the bullets wouldn't dare hit him.
Ever had a once-in-a-lifetime moment?  So has Chuck -- 10,000 times.
Chuck Norris invented the english language while mumbling in his sleep.
Allstate gets insurance from Chuck Norris, because even Allstate needs to be in good hands.
The saying "Kill two birds with one stone" actually came from when chuck Norris downed two Peregrin Falcons with one roundhouse kick.
When Chuck Norris steals a car he forces it to start
Whoever said "You can't fight City Hall", never new of Chuck Norris & his patented roundhouse kick.
After being shot by a criminal, Chuck Norris said.... "that tickles".
Cocaine is Chuck Norris' dandruff
Chuck Norris is more technically accomplished on guitar than Yngwie Malmsteen, and Chuck plays air guitar.
Chuck Norris CAN open a Pickle jar.
Action speaks louder than words. Chuck Norris speaks louder than action.
Chuck Norris once made a freight train take a dirt road.
Chuck Norris is the Boogey man to the Boogey man, wait let me rephrase that. Chuck Norris is the Boogey Man to everybody.
Chuck Norris drank milk and grew his milk mustache into a beard 
Chuck Norris won a game of chess with checker pieces
Chuck Norris can survive heavy doses of radiation, poison and nine days without his head.
They were going to put Chuck Norris in Grand Theft Auto. But nobody takes Chuck Norris' car.
If Chuck Norris lived in New Hampshire the state motto would be "Live Free AND Die".
Stores accept Monopoly money from Chuck Norris.
When police investigate a murder scene involving a round-house kick, it is quickly determined ruled to be "death by Norris".
The slope settings weren't challenging enough, so Chuck Norris decided to place his hometrainer vertically on his living room wall. 
Chuck Norris is so awsome he once beat the daylight out of the sun
Chuck Norris can actually slap someone into next week
The answer to the ultimate question is 32. The ultimate question is "How many Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks in a row will destroy everything."
Chuck Norris thinks Vodka is too weak. He prefers battery acid.
Remember the Soviet Union? They decided to quit after watching a DeltaForce marathon on Satellite TV.
Chuck Norris was in all 6 Star Wars movies............... As The Force.
Chuck Norris sees dead people...and they run.
Chuck Norris is what Willis was talkin' 'bout.
I once mispelled Chuck Norris' name and I'm still ali-(squishing sound)
Chuck Norris can swan dive into double rainbows.
Chuck norris was born on﻿ May 6 1945. De Nazi surrenderd on May 7 1945.
The last page of the Guinness Book of World Records 'says all records were held by Chuck Norris; the names in the book are who came closest'.
Chuck Norris was what Willis was talking about.
They were making a movie called 'Chuck Norris vs the World', but they stopped it because nobody wants to see a 5 second movie.
Chuck Norris gets straight A without attempting the exam.
Big Brother isn't watching you. Chuck Norris is watching you!
Chuck Norris shaves with predator mandibles and uses alien blood for shaving cream
Only Chuck Norris can win the mind game, 'cause he never minds.
In space. Chuck Norris can hear you scream
 Chuck Norris doesn't water his plants. He plants his water.
Chuck Norris decided Eight WASNT enough
Chuck Noriis once played himself in Russian Roulette, and he won. No Questions asked
Chuck Norris went on Man vs Wild once. The Wild lost
When Chuck Norris enters a bar, everyone clears out to avoid any 2nd-hand Chuck.
Chuck Norris knows the answer to "to be, or not to be"
Chuck Norris doesn't need sunglasses, the sun needs Chuck Norris glasses
In an average living room there are 1,242 objects Chuck Norris could use to kill you, including the room itself.
Chuck Norris can watch T.V even when the electricity is off!
Chuck Norris is the only person in the world who can do a roundhouse kick. Using his fists. 
Who's your daddy? CHUCK NORRIS!
Chuck Norris is all fingers and thumbs. in your face.
When Chuck Norris was in highschool, his homework did themselves.
Chuck Norris can drive 400 mph in a G-Whizz.
Chuck Norris doesn't get caught in the rain, water just likes to be near him 
Chuck Norris has no ESC on his keyboard.
When everyone else can't, Chuck Norris CAN.
If The Statue of Liberty were an amusement park, Chuck Norris would spend all day INSIDE her.
Chuck Norris can find the pot of gold at the end of a rainbow.
Grand theft auto was created when the developer saw Walker Texas Ranger 
When Neil Armstrong landed on the moon, Chuck Norris was already there roasting hotdogs.
Notre Dame has the 4 horsemen, Fordham the 7 blocks of Granite ... all Chuck Norris needs in one roundhouse kick 
Tired of losing by throwing scissors at a rock? Hi, I'm Billy Mays, introducing Chuck Norris brand scissors! The only scissors that can cut rocks!
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick you yesterday
Chuck Norris wins even when he's not playing.
When I go to the doctor, they tell me I'm as healthy as a horse.  When a horse goes to the doctor, they tell him he's as healthy as Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can buy quality items from Wal-Mart
When someone holds open the door for Chuck Norris, Chuck makes them say, "Thank you".
The Black Eyed Peas were just known as 'The Peas' before they met Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris always knows Where in the World Carmen SanDeigo is
Cavemen didn't invent fire Chuck Norris mearly clicked his fingers and gave it to them
    Chuck Norris wears a cowboy hat to protect the sun from him
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on, Chuck Norris needs no pants.
The saying "you have to crawl before you walk" is untrue...because Chuck Norris WALKED out of his mothers womb and roundhouse kicked the doctor...
A man once asked Chuck Norris how much he benched. Chuck Norris sighed and roundhouse kicked him through a wall and said "I don't bench, I wall".
In Soviet Russia, people are STILL afraid of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris checks under his bed for Fedor Emelianenko because he takes Fedor to the vet regularly.
The dinosaurs laughed at Chuck Norris
If Chuck Norris' beard is wet and he squeezes it, he creates lava.
Chuck Norris was once caught speeding... by foot! He didn't get a ticket.... Chuck Norris never gets tickets...
Chuck Norris is actually a former world champion in karate
Michael Jordan can air-walk. Chuck Norris can sprint underwater.
In the USA, we make jokes about Chuck Norris and what he does. In Soviet Russia, he makes jokes about what we do. He knows what we do.
Time and tide wait for no man.....except for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can find a haystack in a needle
Lifetime Warranties do not exist because of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can see John Cena.
The dictionary references Chuck Norris several times, he is metioned under Fear, Law, Order and Chucktatorship.
Chuck Norris knows who A is.
The #1 killer in the Revolutionary War was not disease it was Chuck Norris
The term cold feet was originally invented by the disheartened nuclear holocaust victims who describe what hit them were COLD and looked like FEET
Reality is an illusion until Chuck Norris decides.
Aliens are real, they're just hiding from Chuck Norris
Time laughs at all things... Except Chuck Norris. Time knows better than to laugh at Chuck Norris. And that's why he will live forever.
Silly Rabbit.....TRIX are for Chuck! 
Chuck Norris is so fast that he can lock a drawer and leave the key inside
Death dosent kill Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris kills death
Rome may have not been built in one day, but the Sears Tower was by Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can juggle with nothing.
Popeye ate spinach... Chuck Norris ate Popeye.
Chuck Norris can survive a direct impact from a Noob Tube.
Pluto was once a planet. Until Chuck Norris sneezed.
Anything you can do Chuck Norris can do better. Chuck Norris can do anything better than you.
When Chuck Norris goes to the beach, the waves go AWAY from the beach.
Chuck Norris eats Langoliers and picks his teeth with the Eiffel Tower.
Chuck wasn't an actor in the Expendables 2, he just happened to be there.
Chuck Norris can sleep off insomnia
Chuck Norris can bruise the air.
Chuck Norris has no pubes. because hair cannot grow on steal.
Chuck Norris can checkmate with only kings on the board.
Chuck Norris can bypass a voice only recognition machine using sign language.
humans figh to live. Chuck Norris lives to fight
Chuck Norris can drink a cow and eat milk.
Lottery scratched Chuck Norris and won
Chuck Norris had perfect attendance in school.  They never saw him, but they knew he was there...
Chuck Norris once built himself a bed out of Titanium and Diamonds. It was too soft.
The song "What if God was one of us" was Chuck's way of trying to tell us something
Some people joke that Chuck Norris caused 911. But if he had done he wouldn't have used planes. He would have stared at it until it crumbled.
Four leaf clovers look for one Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris climbed to the top of Mt. Everest three times in one day. He would have done it four times if nightfall didn't catch up to him.
Freddy krueger is scared to sleep because chuck norris might show up and roundhouse kick him
Chuck Norris is so fast that he can ring three doorbels at the same time!!!
Chuck Norris is top of the food chain
Chuck Norris doesn't have nightmares... his nightmares dream of him...
Chuck Norris once won a marathon on his hands
In Chuck Norris' fairytales there are no happy endings, because someone always ends up losing a body part.
Chuck recently shaved his beard....where did it go? Donald Trump's head
When cops pull Chuck Norris over, THEY try to talk THEIR way out of it.
When Chuck Norris was a kid he didn't play with Lincoln Logs, he built real houses.
When Chuck Norris donates blood, he breaks the Bank!
The only being that can stop Chuck Norris is himself
Chuck Norris build the hospital he was born in.
Chuck Norris once won a staredown over a walkie talkie.
WikiLeaks are just Chuck Norris' Thoughts.
Chuck Norris' fists make the speed of light wish it were faster.
Chuck Norris is currently suing myspace for taking the name of what he calls "everything around you".
Chuck Norris can tie your hands behind your back with both hands tied behind his back
Chuck Norris can walk through brick walls, while sleeping.
Chuck Norris is on call to relieve Atlas.
When Chuck Norris play Modern Warfare II he can get a Nuke...Use it... and still be playing
Chuck Norris can wipe rainwater from inside his car
Chuck Norris doesn’t swim, we beats the water into submission.  
Chuck Norris doesn't need twitter. He snatches humming birds from the sky and gives them 24 hrs to relay his message or die
Chuck Norris can bend light with a roundhouse kick.
Lightning doesn't struck twice, Chuck Norris does
Chuck Noris doesn't sleep with a gun under his pillow,he sleeps with his pillow under his gun.
Chuck Norris doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.
Chuck Norris has your name with a bullet on it
There's a lot of celebrity death hoaxes over the internet. However if you google; "Chuck Norris Dead", a fist will come out of the screen and hit you.
Chuck Norris is the only person tough enough to be named.....Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris doesn't waste time... he makes it 
Chuck Norris' favorite team lost so he slapped his tv and made it a flat screen 
America doesn't need a military..... We've got Chuck Norris 
When a mime sees Chuck Norris, he makes a glass wall and pretends he's dead
Chuck  Norris  never  missed  a  dart  game.  He  decides  where  the  bullseye  is.
The reason Osama Bin Laden was never found until ten years after 9/11 is because Chuck Norris was not on the Job.
Contrary to popular belief, if you build it, Chuck Norris won't come.
Chuck Norris has a small fish tank consisting of a blue whale, a great white shark and even an elephant.
Chuck Norris once got his arm stuck in a canyon. After 5 days of pain and agony, Chuck Norris had to amputate the canyon. It was a tough choice...
Chuck Norris can drink from an empty glass.
Chuck Norris can handle the truth 
Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover.
When Chuck Norris plays sudoku, he can put two same numbers in one square and still solve it right.
Chuck Norris created vacuum by punching air.
Chuck Norris caught the Marowak ghost.
A single Chuck Norris fist in the ground makes the Earth spread into continents!
Godzilla took out a restaining order on Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can round-house kick you in 30 different languages!
Near the end of a fight, Chuck Norris decided to throw in the towel. The towel was so forceful, the opponent was knocked out. 
Chuck Norris can play billiards by using a toothpick as his cue stick
Chuck Norris' brain is connected to the internet and can clear the web by blinking
Chuck Norris can rob a bank by phone.
Blood faints at the site of Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.
Chuck Norris can pretend air planes in the night sky are like shooting stars.
when batman is in trouble, he turns on the Chuck Norris signal.
Chuck Norris ate Habanero-infused  spicy tacos once. The cook died from spontaneous human combustion. 
Chuck Norris is the only vegan that can eat meat.
Chuck Norris doesn't buy life insurance, life buys Chuck insurance.
Diamonds are forever... unless Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks them into dust.
The Earth does NOT revolve around the Sun. The Earth is stationary. The Sun follows Chuck Norris as he makes his daily jog around the Earth.
Chuck Norris can infact eat Water
Chuck Norris once succeeded in the cinnamon challenge. He then moved up and completed the same challenge with garlic powder.
Chuck Norris invented his own brand of media disc. The Black and Blueray.
The difficult we do today. The impossible we leave for Chuck Norris.
When we driopped the atomic bomb it wasn't just the explosion it was Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can use Xbox Live.....on his PlayStation 3
Chuck Norris doesn't have any power-ups, he's all maxed out.
Did you know Chuck Norris was on vacation in Hiroshima when they dropped the A-bomb....he got a sun burn
Chuck Norris can digest you. . . WITH HIS MIND
Chuck Norris is not allowed in hell because the devil is scared of him.
Chuck Norris can can change the font of a picture
It doesn't have to make sense, it's Chuck Norris.
The saddest moment of a childs life is not finding out Santa Claus isn't real.... it's finding out Chuck Norris is.
The Union spread by a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris
The list of names at the end of every Chuck Norris film is the list of people he's killed
Chuck Norris once owed a gun, the gun got so scared it shot itself
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick people with his fists
Since Chuck Norris is incapable of laughing, when he read this website, he nodded.
Chuck Norris can sprint while walking.
So many people prank called him, he punched someone through the phone.
In 1945 Chuck Norris drank a Redbull and jumped out a plane. For image results, Google the word Hiroshima.
Chuck Norris powers the Hadron Collider 
Only 2 people watch you when you sleep... Santa and Chuck Norris 
Big Foot discovered Chuck Norris and hid in the forest.
Chuck Norris doesn't need an alarm clock, the sun rises when he does.
Tony Iommi and Chuck Norris went on a "duel" once to determine the fastest on guitar... look what happened to Iommi`s left hand
Chuck Norris is the original Weapon of Mass Destruction.  
Chuck Norris gave birth to the dinosaurs. Too bad they weren't as tough as him.
Chuck Norris once went to practice his golf swing at a driving range .... his golf balls are now known as stars!!!
It takes 14 puppeteers to make Chuck Norris smile, but only 2 to make him destroy an orphanage.
Chuck Norris laughs in the face of danger. And then roundhouse kicks it to death.
For Spring Break '05, Chuck Norris drove to Madagascar, riding a chariot pulled by two electric eels.
The ONLY reason there was never a "Godzilla vs. Chuck Norris" movie is because Godzilla could not stop peeing his pants out of fear
Chuck Norris drinks coffee, but only before he goes to sleep.
Chuck Norris is so awesome the words to describe him don't exist.
Chuck Norris served in the Air Force, after Osan, the Air Force served Chuck Norris
If Chuck Norris is after you, don't bother killing yourself, he'll pull you down from heaven and kill you again
Chuck Norris was the first person to perform brain surgery....on himself
Chuck Norris does not have imaginary friends; he made his real friends imaginary. 
Chuck Norris found the end of the rainbow.... at night
If Chuck Norris shot a gun it would fly around the earth 50 times
Chuck Norris can bite his own elbow
There is no such place as hell, just Chuck Norris' house
Chuck Norris can react without getting sued.
When Chuck Norris walks east, the Earth's rotation slows - when he walks west, it speeds up again.
Chuck Norris can seal a blackhole....
Chuck Norris can turn a pickle back into a cucumber.
Area 51 is Chuck Norris' playground.
Books used to be scribbles, then Chuck Norris and his awesomeness came.
Whenever someone types words like fear, violence, or terror auto-correct suggests Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris don't shower, he only take blood baths.
Chuck Norris tells his GPS when he wants to turn.
3-D Tv doesn't work because of the goggles, it works because Chuck Norris scared the people off the screen.
Chuck Norris knows what Willis is talkin' bout
Chuck Norris uses gunpowder as pepper.
Chuck Norris can "Enter Outside".
Chuck Norris doesn't cut his grass he dares it to grow
Chuck Norris can hear silence.
Chuck Norris caused the oil leak in the gulf
Chuck Norris was the only actor used in the making of "The Delta Force!" He literally played EVERY role!
Chuck Norris eats snake legs for breakfast
Chuck Norris doesn't need a bigger boat.
Chuck Norris can solve a rubix cube in one single turn.
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick the stupid out of a person, along with everything else.
We all dream about Perfection.... Perfection dreams about Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is the only person to ever hit a hole-in-zero while golfing
Chuck Norris can pull a hat out of a rabbit
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a revolving door. It created a vortex that sucked in and destroyed everything within 50 miles. Except Chuck.
Chuck Norris made a haunted house pack up and leave.
Chuck Norris stuffs lockers into bullies!
Chuck Norris once appeared to Martin Luther King in a dream.
When Chuck Norris plays hide and seek, even google can't find him.
Chuck Norris has never shaved because he has yet to find a blade sharp enough to cut through awesome 
When Chuck Norris submits a fact. They ALWAYS accept!!
Chuck Norris hit a home run in a football game.
chuck norris once round house kicked a shark in the face . thats how the hammerhead came to be
Chuck Norris sleeps with his eyes open
Chuck framed Roger Rabbit.
Rabies have to get Chuck Norris Shots
Jimmy Hoffa and Elvis are not dead...They are just hiding from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.
The term where's Waldo came in after Waldo sensed that Chuck Norris had been born
Chuck Norris did not go to Kindergarden.....he went straight to college. 
Divide Chuck Norris by zero and you will in fact get one… one bad-ass that is. 
Chuck Norris got a perfect score on his SAT test simply by writing Chuck Norris on every line.
Chuck Norris can't be racist, because to him there are no people, just light and dark targets.
Chuck Norris can drive a freight train on a dirt road
Chuck Norris can eat candy before dinner
Years ago Chuck Norris set up a simple little home network and gave it a name. It's called the INTERNET
The sun revolves around Chuck Norris
Normal people are able to 'Poke' other people on Facebook. Chuck Norris is the only one able to click 'Round House Kick' on others
Why haven't we found Osama? Because he tried to bribe Chuck Norris for protection and Chuck fed him to those things in Twilight.
When Chuck Norris visited a bull fight in Spain, not a single bull had a chance to say "Olay" before being speared by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can build a house from the roof down
Chuck Norris is my favorite color!
An hour after Chuck was born, He spoke Russian and Chinese simultaneously.
Chuck Norris can round kick Chuck Norris in the face.
Most dogs have their day- Chuck Norris' dog has a week.
Chuck Norris had tonsillitis as a child.  He reached in and pulled them out.
Chuck Norris can send SMS on landline number.
30 lumberjacks once tried to cut off Chuck Norris's beard... They were never seen again.
Chuck Norris has the iPhone 5...he got it back in '84.
The F.B.I. asked Chuck Norris for help with cracking TrueCrypt protected files. He declined - too easy.
'THE ROCK' smells what Chuck Norris is cooking!
Chuck Norris can hit for the cycle in one at bat.
When you insult Chuck Norris, the next thing you are going to see is a bunch of halos.
Teacher to student "Why is every answer on your test 'Chuck Norris'?" Student to teacher "Chuck Norris is the answer to all problems!"
When Chuck Norris goes to the gym the treadmill sweats.
Chuck Norris goes through 13 toothbrushes a day.
Danger took out a restraining order on Chuck Norris
A tornado is just Chuck Norris doing a series of roundhouse kicks........really fast!
Chuck Norris used to work as a crash test dummy, but he was fired because he kept making the cars crash.
Only Chuck Norris is stronger than an Altoid.
When you get a headache, that's Chuck Norris punching your Great, Great, Great, Great, Grandad.
World Of Warcraft once had Chuck Norris on DotA, but was later deleted due to its extreme awesomeness score.
When global warming destroys the ozon layer, Chuck Norris creates a new one with a package of chewing gum, on top of Mount Everest.....wearing a Giko.
Chuck Norris uses diesel instead of milk on his cornflakes.
Chuck Norris can speak every single language on Earth, including Centaurian and Elvish.
Chuck Norris escaped from Alcatraz by walking out the front gate.
Steven Seagal couldn't beat Chuck Norris in his own dream!
Chuck Norris is the real Slim Shady.
Why would Chuck Norris want to be president when he rules the universe.
.....Ice cream screams for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris wins.
Chuck Norris' real life adventures are now Old Spice commercials
Chuck Norris translated Tolstoy's War and Peace by one swift roundhouse. 
Chuck Norris is a man of True Grit
There is no other fact than Chuck Norris 
Chuck Norris knows the answer to every question, the answer is Chuck Norris
You either go to heaven or to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't use spell check.  The correct spelling is however Chuck Norris spells it.
Chuck Norris isn't afraid of the dark, the dark is afraid of him. Because of this, Chuck Norris is always in the light.
The day that the dinosaurs went extinct was the day Chuck Norris was born.
Chuck Norris found the stairway to heaven, but he prefers the elevator
Chuck Norris can call Ali G's Julie "A slag"
Jason Bourne is Chuck Norris' daughter...
Chuck Norris is on this world to do 2 things drink milk and kick butt and he just finished his milk
It's not a name, it's sound effects: *Chuck!* -the impact of a fist- *Norris!* -the echo of a roundhouse kick- 
Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris was in Little League, he bunted a 480 foot home run.
Chuck Norris never pays for anything, he is just letting the economy borrow his money at a 0% interest rate.
Time waits for no man. Unless that man is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can't use a stud finder because it never shuts off. 
Rome wasn't built in a  day, Chuck Norris built it in 2 minutes
When u see a carbon footprint sign, it's not how much carbon you release into the air, it's how big Chuck Norris' foot was when he kicked you!
Chuck Norris doesn't shave he molts!!
Chuck Norris can get Blackjack with just one card.
If Chuck Norris lied trough his teeth, the lie detector won't pick it up.
Yoda has a picture of Chuck Norris in his wallet.
Chuck Norris can infact eat Water
Chuck Norris puts his pants on two legs at a time
Chuck Norris wears sunglasses not to protect his eyes from the sun, but to protect the sun from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is the king of fighters.
When Chuck Norris plays Mario Kart, no matter what place he's in......he still wins.
Open wound? you mean extra pocket!
Carly Rae Jepsen's Call Me Maybe was actually dedicated to Chuck Norris. 
Chuck Norris' favorite team lost so he slapped his tv and made it a flat screen 
Chuck Norris once bought a fish tank... 0_0 MLIA 
Someone once said that Superman could never be turned into a zombie.  Chuck Norris decided to test that claim and the result was Jason Vorhees
Chuck Norris isn't in the movie "The Expendables", because Chuck Norris isn't expendable
Chuck Norris can beat Godzilla and King Kong in a hot dog fight
How long does it take Chuck Norris to get to Asia? 2 months...how does he get there? He walks.
Only Chuck Norris can buy banana in Apple Store.
Nothing can escape from a black hole.     LIES.     Chuck Norris has a vacation home in three black holes.    Even Chuck needs a vacation Now and then
Scientis cannot figure out where Atlantis is... Chuck Norris owns a villa there
Chuck Norris thinks guns are for girls.
For Chuck Norris, a penny saved is a dollar earned
Chuck Norris and Jean Claude Van Damm got into a fight. That's why Jean Claude is no longer in movies
If the President declared war on Chuck Norris, the flag would be at half mast in an hour
Why is Oprah is so popular? Because this is the only show that Chuck Norris is laughing at
The United States could save billions in defense funding if they trade the Military for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once owned a dog, today it's well known as the Jersey Devil
Chuck Norris yells at Drill Sergeants
Chuck Norris can bruise the air.
Picture the future of mankind like Chuck Norris' boot, stomping on a human face, forever.
Who shot JR? Chuck Norris that's who.
Chuck Norris can bypass a voice only recognition machine using sign language.
Stallone originally wanted to offer Chuck Norris a role for the movie "The Expendables", but the term "expendable" does not apply to Norris.
Chuck Norris was the alien who told the Egyptians how to invent the pyramid
It has been said that if you name any custom class in Call of Duty "Chuck Norris" you will instantly win every match you set foot in.
it has been said that there are weapons of mass destruction in the middle east. This is not true, Chuck Norris lives in Oklahoma.
Chuck Norris has owned a chess set made from depleted uranium since 1992. This does not worry him in the slightest.
The original plan for Hiroshima and Nagasaki was to send in Chuck Norris. We decided to go the humane route.
Chuck can win black jack with 1 card
Chuck Norris kills anyone that asks, "You want fries with that" because by now everyone should know that Chuck doesn't ever want fries with anything. Ever!
Chuck Norris is the reason why the three mice are blind.
Bloody Mary is afraid to say Chuck Noris three times
Heres a question: Do you remember watching Chuck Norris as a kid? Yeah well, he remembers watching you 
Of course Chuck Norris facts are true...Or do you wish to question HIM on it?
Definition of "Chuckles":  1.Champion knuckles of Chuck Norris  2. low-tone laughter from Chuck Norris as he "teaches you a lesson"
God created Jesus to inspire peace. When that didn't work, he created Chuck Norris to enforce it.
Forrest Gump was running from Chuck Norris!
When Chuck Norris goes to the beach, the waves go AWAY from the beach.
When Chuck Norris buys stuff, he gets the money.
Chuck Norris won the Tour De France on a stationary bike.
Chuck Norris once went to Disneyland.  It is no longer known as The Happiest Place on Earth.
Chuck Norris is the ending to the Sopranos
Chuck Norris is the only thing colder than the Rockies.
Chuck Norris doesnt need a computer.....he is one.
Chuck Norris completed Gauntlet 2... on the first level.
The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. There were no survivors, and nobody is brave enough to go
Night time doesn't happen, when Chuck gets tired, he blows out the sun.
Chuck Norris can ski up a mountain.
Chuck Norris saw a white and gold dress until he beat it black and blue
Nobody is perfect. Chuck Norris is nobody.
When Chuck Norris is happy, the stock market goes up. When he kicks butt, it pays dividends.
Chuck Norris tried to sell a food slicer called the RoundHouse. It was too deadly. Vince Offer bought it and dumbed down. We know it as the Slap Chop.
Lord Voldemort Is Just One Of Chuck Norris' Horcruxes.
When Chuck Norris goes chopping wood, he doesn't bring an ax, he brings his beard.
Almost all action heroes had a role in "The Expendables" except Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris is NOT expendable.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can talk about himself in fourth person.
Jagger's got moves like Chuck Norris 
It's not called the big bang theory, It's called the Chuck Norris fact....
Chuck Norris can close Pandora's Box.
Whenever Chuck Norris sends an E-mail, It comes out of a local post office as Blackmail.
You do not lose your train of thought, Chuck Norris derails it with extreme prejudice.
Chuck Norris knows no boundaries, the boundaries know him.
Chuck Norris make onions CRY!!!
Chuck Norris still is undefeated in Mortal Kombat.  Just his stare results in Fatality!!
Chuck Norris invented the internet to e-roundhouse kick everyone at once.
Chuck Norris is the only man allowed to touch Mr. T's mohawk
"Chuck Norris The Game" was cancelled immediately after it was produced, because no one else could play it and not die, only Chuck.
Chuck Norris once won a tug a war against China
Chuck Norris can drink beef jerky
Chuck Norris was born by spliting atoms.
In honor of Chuck Norris, all McDonald's in Texas have an even larger size than the super-size. When ordering, just ask to be Chucksized.
Chuck Norris can divide by ANYTHING
Chuck Norris once told Albert Einstein that the universe was too small for him.
Chuck Norris believes he can fly. And he can.
When a person attacks Chuck Norris, the police immediatley describe it as a 45-12. Suicide.
Chuck Norris does not produce tears, he exercises his Cryceps.
Chuck Norris doesn't drink, he simply replaces the liquid with air
Chuck Norris was the reason the wheel was invented, people needed a faster way of running away from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris drives in reverse and still drives better than you...
How much wood could Chuck chuck, if Chuck could chuck wood? If Chuck could chuck wood, wood would not exist.
On a scale of 1 to 10, Chuck Norris scores an 11.
Only two candidates were considered for the lead role in “A Force of One”. Chuck Norris and Gravity.
Chuck Norris can see his breath in the summer
When challenged by Paul Bunyan to a logging contest, Chuck Norris showed his sportsmanship by leaving Paul a sapling in the now-deforested field.
Camp Counselors warn Jason Voorhees when Chuck Norris goes camping.
Chuck Norris beat the light speed by 2 hours and 23 minutes
Chuck Norris is tougher than my grandmother's Christmas sweaters.
Ozzy Osbourne once snorted a line of ants.  Chuck Norris once snorted a line of bricks. 
Chuck Norris puts all of his baskets in one egg.
Chuck Norris would roundhouse kick the Dos Equis guy into interesting hell.
When Chuck Norris goes to the beach, the waves go AWAY from the beach.
Chuck Norris can breath out with his nose and breath in with his mouth at the same time.
When Chuck Norris runs, he creates a tornado.
Lightning doesn't strike Chuck Norris, chuck norris strikes lightning!
If it rains outside and Chuck Norris decided to talk a walk        It will stop raining.
Chuck Norris can sky dive from the ground into the plane. 
Chuck Norris doesn't hold any world records, he broke them all
Chuck Norris can win Team Deathmatch IN 1 KILL.
The chief export of Chuck Norris is Pain.
The sky is not the limit.  Chuck Norris is.
The First Law of Thermodynamics states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed... unless it meets Chuck Norris.
There should be a Chuck Norris tribute band.
If Chuck Norris stops walking the world would stop spinning.
Chuck Norris donates his beard clippings to the Army so they can make Kevlar vests.
We get presents from Santa Claus.  Santa Claus gets his presents from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does'nt turn the lights on,  he turns the dark out.
They were going to put Chuck Norris' face on Mount Rushmore but the rock wasn't hard enough.
Once a man crossing the street insulted Chuck Norris. He was instantly hit by a bus. At least, that's what people think happened.
Chuck Norris' smile once brought a puppy back to life.
The universe was created when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked nothing in the face and told it to get a job. 
Chuck Norris' wristwatch has hands of he's enemies
What occurs twice in The Beginning, never in The End, but is at The End of Everything?  Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can do a roundhouse kick with his arms.
Love does not conquer all. Chuck Norris does.
Chuck Norris Forges Steel With His Fists.
Chuck Norris kills 100% of germs
Chuck Norris once seized and ransomed 5 letters of the Russian alphabet. The letters spelled "surrender."
Chuck Norris once soaked his beard in carbonated water. The result is now sold as Red Bull.
The tide only comes in because Chuck Norris let's it
Lawsuit commercials for personal injury are quite common with things like accidents and medication; however they never mention Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris eats at resturaunts, everyone will have what he is having...even the staff.
Chuck Norris is able to pause online games
When Chuck Norris take a shoot in soccer the goalie runs away screaming and still gets peged.
Chuck Norris can't use a stud finder because it never shuts off. 
Chuck Norris rubs two pieces of fire together to make wood.
Chuck Norris' flowers have fists instead of petals.
Chuck Norris...... IS ON EXPENDABLES 2!!!
Chuck Norris can go commando and call it "formal wear".
Chuck Norris gave Dr. Phil advice.
Chuck Norris doesn’t lift weights, he just tells them to get off the floor.
At Burger King only Chuck Norris can have it his way.
Rome wasn't built in a day because they didn't ask Chuck Norris for help.
Chuck Norris once told someone to go fly a kite...the next day electricity was discovered.
Chuck Norris spend 30 seconds to count the stars everyday, after his lunch.
Chuck Norris reads Hebrew from left to right.
Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick is a myth that no mythbuster can bust.
Chuck Norris' roundhouse kicks are so powerful, if you watch a video of one, you die.
It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
Chuck Norris can milk birds
Chuck Norris can win a chess game with only his king on board
Chuck Norris doesn't ask "please", "please" asks Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris relaxes in a lava bath.
In His Spare Time Chuck Norris Plays Golf With The Planets.
Chuck Norris stole everything in my house, and replaced it with exact replicas.  At least I think he did.
Chuck Norris doesn't like lizards, that's why he killed the dinosaurs
You know Chuck Norris is in Mortal Combat but you have to beat the game in 5 seconds
Chuck Norris once beat Guitar Hero on Expert level, using an air guitar.
Chuck Norris can fold airplanes into paper.
Chuck Norris created himself to kick humanity's ass and chew bubblegum. Luckily, he hasn't ran out of bubblegum...yet.
Chuck Norris can catch em' all.
Chuck Norris doesn't pay attention - attention pays him.
Chuck Norris once did meditation, while swimming in a volcano
Chuck Norris is the life of parties he dosen't attend
Chuck Norris can put the cart before the horse!
The reason why the new Duke Nukem game it titled "Forever", is because that's how long it will take him to match the awesomeness of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris owns the factory that manufactures Cans of Whoop Ass
Chuck Norris got 2410 on the SAT
One day, Chuck Norris walked past a very tall man. Sensing a challenge, Chuck stood up to his full height. Some will recall an abnormally long night.
Once when Chuck Norris was stranded in the wilderness, animals came to him to be eaten
Lightning doesn't strike Chuck Norris, chuck norris strikes lightning!
Chuck Norris does not have imaginary friends; he made his real friends imaginary. 
The First Law of Thermodynamics states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed... unless it meets Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can pick locks with his own hair strands.
When Chuck Norris is at a pedestrian crossing, the traffic has to stop, look and listen.
There's no such thing as thunder. Only Chuck Norris' laughter.
The phrase 'break a leg' was originally coined by Chuck Norris's co-stars in Walker, Texas Ranger as a good luck charm …
Chuck Norris can build a room in a day
If you are stuck on a test and you don't know the answer to a question, write in Chuck Norris. The answer is always Chuck Norris.
Merlin was Chuck Norris' assistant.
Chuck Norris eats grenades like they are pop rocks!
If Chuck Norris were a cook you'd be eating his homemade roundhouse
To answer the question of "If God is all powerfull, can he create a object that not even he can move?" The result was Chuck Norris. 
Whenever Chuck Norris is tired of being in a bad mood, he leaves it.
Terrorists don't track Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris tracks terrorists
If you put Chuck Norris' hand in warm water while he is sleeping YOU will wet your pants
Alien v Preadator was originally called Alien and Preadator v Chuck Norris but no one would pay to see a movie 3 seconds long
Chuck Norris sued Facebook for posting his newest victims list
In the beginning there was nothing...then Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked that nothing in the face and said "Get a job". That is the story of the universe.
The sun cannot look directly at Chuck Norris.  It must use specialized equipment just to gaze upon his silhouette
Chuck Norris can pull a Blue Whale out of a Hat.
Chuck Norris once had a student, his name was Manny Pacquiao.
On the last page of the Guiness Book of World Records it states the Chuck Norris holds all the world records, the people listed are the closest to him
Contrary to popular belief, we do not speak English, we speak Chuck Norris
The speed of light is the only speed that was recorded to be 20000000000mph slower than chuck norris' "kill" speed
Upon donating all of his organs to science, Scientists were amazed that Chuck Norris was still alive
Chuck Norris doesn't need twitter, he's already following you.
Chuck Norris speaks in surround sound.
Chuck Norris doesn't have hopes or dreams. He has plans.
Chuck Norris facts actually saves lives!
Chuck Norris out stared a wooden dolly
Chuck Norris doesn’t lift weights, he just tells them to get off the floor.
When Chuck Norris crosses the street, the cars have to look both ways.
Chuck Norris understands women.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can win at Monopoly with a one dollar bill, a get out of jail free cards, and his fists. 
Chuck Norris does not play the lottery. It doesn't have nearly enough balls.
Chuck Norris never gets faced with danger.  Danger gets faced with Chuck Norris.
How do you know Chuck Norris got mad?  Mushroom cloud.
Chuck Norris can drink whiskey from a bottle of wine.
Chuck Norris rang the freedom bell once. He cracked it.
Chuck Norris is the reason why the midget in the Wizard of OZ hung himself
Chuck Norris turns his game off while saving.
Chuck Norris doesn't do anything for a Klondike Bar.  The Klondike Bar does everything for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris slide the botton to the left to unlock the iPhone lockscreen.
When Chuck Norris once had a job interview, he fired his interviewer
Chuck Norris eats eight meals a day. Seven are steak, and the last is the rest of the cow.
Chuck Norris does not checkmate. He Chuckmates.
The fountain of youth is actually the pond that lies in Chuck Norris' backyard.
If Chuck Norris is late, time better slow the hell down.
Chuck Norris is the way the cookie crumbles.
When Chuck Norris was a baby, he sucked on a pacifier and made it cry
In a secret wrestling match, Chuck Norris made the Terminator tap out in the ring.
Chuck Norris doesn't drop the bass, the bass drops him.
Chuck Norris can transfer knowledge through his fists
Chuck Norris isn't faster than the speeding bullet,Chuck Norris is the speeding bullet
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the ocean for getting his feet wet and caused hurricane Katrina!!
People believe we evolved from monkeys. Actually, we evolved backwards from Chuck Norris.
The term 'tough as iron nails' does not apply to Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris eats iron nails in his cereal every morning.
Chuck Norris is simply Cthulhu in human form. That explains why both eat stars, kill everything, and are never seen in the same place together.
Chuck Norris once planted a seed in his back yard...we now know that seed as the green giant.
Chuck Norris ordered all these peoples here to post Chuck Norris Facts or he would roundhouse kick them ... 
When a mosquito bites Chuck Norris, its blood gets drained.
Chuck Norris can ski across the Sahara Desert
Chuck Norris once gave a tip, now look at the economy
Chuck Norris does not need a stove to boil water, he just growls at it.
Arnold screamed, "Get to the Choppa!" to the woman and the Predator.  Chuck Norris was hunting all three of them.
The Incredible Hulk was actually a janitor in a karate dojo who accidentally smelled Chuck Norris' sweat towel.
To this day, Italy still honors Chuck Norris by outlining their country in the shape of a boot.
Chuck Norris designed and created two series of cars. These are now known as Autobots and Decepticons
Some people say that Chuck Norris is a myth. Those "some people" are now dead.
Chuck Norris can push on a rope
Chuck Norris can speak punctuation marks.
When the very first cell phones came out, Chuck Norris already had an iPhone 21.
Earth, Air, Fire, Water, Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris watches a pot...it boils immidiately!
A boy once asked Chuck the diameter of the earth, he said, "Wanna know the diameter of my fist?" The boy was seen falling from the sky ten years later
Chuck starts the new year by roundhouse kicking the old one.
Chuck Norris punches so fast he can change the tide, then there's a tsunami on the other side of the world. 
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris threw a "No Hitter" without Pitching.. 
Chuck Norris does'nt turn the lights on,  he turns the dark out.
Chuck Norris will rock you!
Everyone is hoping Chuck Norris doesn't do to facebook what he did to myspace.
What should you do if Chuck Norris is knocking at your door? Wake up because your dreaming. Why would he let you know he was coming?
Reality is an illusion until Chuck Norris decides.
Chuck Norris teaches a car to drive
Chuck Norris is proof that legends never die.
Chuck Norris destroyed the Lord of Rings.              Twice. 
You're always only one roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris wearing your skull as a shoe
Chuck Norris can kick start a car
Every hurricane is a Chuck Norris roundhouse-kick gone horribly right
President Roosevelt once rode his horse 100 miles. Chuck Norris carried his the same distance in half the time.
Roses are red, violets are blue, as is your face, when Chuck Norris chokes you.
If Chuck Norris gets a question wrong, it is right.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Santa Claus only comes once a year.
Chuck Norris can set water on fire. He can also set fire on water...
Chuck Norris took a two-hour course about cellphones. Now he's able to create hurricanes using his old Nokia.
Chuck Norris doesn't have an ESC key on his computer, no one ever escapes.
That which does not kill Chuck Norris, runs away screaming like a girl.
Chuck Norris can smoke a cigar underwater
When Chuck Norris jumps from a skyscraper or a tall building the street begins to fly up - to reach him. And be at his feet.
Chuck Norris once caught his shadow napping 
Chuck Norris awarded Harvard an honorary degree.
A lot of murder cases have become cold because invesgators have failed to identify the firearm that caused the roundhouse-kick-bullet-wounds. 
Chuck Norris
No matter how fast you run, Chuck Norris will always walk faster.
Let's be clear, the only person that looks better than Christie Brinkley on the Total Gym is Chuck Norris on the Total Gym.
All the king's horses and all the king's men couldn't put Humpty together again, only Chuck Norris can!
Chuck Norris: even Naruto can't believe it
Between love and madness lies Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris made a one man band called "MAKEOUT" and replaced KISS.
He sees you when you're sleeping He knows when you're awake He knows if you've been bad or good So be good for goodness sake or suffer the roundhouse.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to walk, he tells the universe to get him where ever the hell he wants to go and it gets him there.
Chuck Norris can submit ANY fact on this website because no one dares declining it.
Chuck Norris had a bowl of nails for breakfast...without any milk.
Jason Voorhees wears a mask because he tried to bully Chuck Norris as a child...we have seen the results of Chuck's work.
Chuck Norris once went Mach 17 on a 12 speed with no back tire.
Chuck will cry only on his death.
Years ago Chuck Norris set up a simple little home network and gave it a name. It's called the INTERNET
There is a group in Facebook "Chuck Norris's Roundhouse-Kick victims".
Dominoes Delivers Dominoes To You.Chuck Norris Went To Work At The RoundHouse Bar Because He Delivers The Best RoundHouse Anywhere.
Chuck Norris can pay his restaurant bill by simply drawing a dollar sign on his receipt.
Chuck Norris's Roundhouse Kick is the #1 cure for teenage pregnancy. 
Chuck Norris CAN run in the halls.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a bad guy in the face so hard he saw stars scientists believed to have burnt out centuries ago.
When Chuck Norris says "Jump"... it's already too late.
Chuck Norris can grow an infinitely large beard and twist it into full body dreadlocks.
Chuck Norris' iPod never crashes.
Santa did exist, the reason he is not around anymore is because he didn't give Chuck Norris his presents.
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? That's right. Chuck Norris knows.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
Chuck Norris IS the force
Chuck Norris once had a weak moment, just to know what it felt like.
Chuck Norris does know what Willis is talking about!
Willis was talking about Chuck Norris.
In Hollywood, the abbreviation HD stands for Chuck Norris.
Friends of Chuck Norris are black belts by association.
After a shower, Chuck Norris dosen't need a towel, he just tells the water to get the hell off!
Oxygen needs Chuck Norris to survive.
Chuck Norris is actually the fifth Beatle.
The sun is not allowed to rise until Chuck Norris wakes up.
In Chuck Norris, we trust.
Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick you into LAST week, just so he can do it again.
Chuck Norris once said he hated moles. Thats why they live underground
Chuck Norris can call Ali G's Julie "A slag"
Chuck Norris once bowled a 300... without a ball... he wasn't even in a bowling ally
If you try to look Chuck Norris in the eye, you won't
Antimatter annihilates matter, Chuck Norris' annihilates antimatter.
Chuck Norris once hailed a cab in the middle of the Pacific ocean.
Chuck Norris doesn't need autocorrect,  incorrect words correct themselves out of the fear of Chuck Norris.
"Everytime a bell rings"...Chuck Norris kills someone with a roundhouse kick to the face.
If you use the words “can’t” and “Chuck Norris” in the same sentence, Chuck Norris will appear and roundhou
Only Chuck Norris can beat Chuck Norris.  And even He can't.
Chuck Norris killed Heath Ledger..nobody ruins the image of cowboys and lives
Chuck Norris can drive, fly, and run at the same time
Death Valley wasn't named that because of its heat, it was named Death Valley because Chuck Norris has a summer home there.
When Chuck Norris watches a pot...it boils immidiately!
Each one of Chuck Norris' fingers has the destructive power of 50 atomic bombs. 
Chuck Norris can stop the Duke of Earl
Once, Chuck Norris swam to the Virgin Islands. now they're just called "The Islands".
Even when Chuck Norris is 24hrs from Tulsa he can be there within the hour.
Chuck Norris created his own t-shirt, by looking at it
I did the RuneScape Achievement Diary, but the achievement diary did Chuck Norris.
T. S. Eliot measured out his life with coffee spoons.  Chuck Norris uses a backhoe.
Film crews working with Chuck Norris had to implement 30 minute shifts when people started to go blind from overexposure to his splendor.
Chuck Norris is so great there is no need to make this joke funny.
Obama's red phone is for one contact only.............
Chuck Norris once audited the IRS
Chuck Norris's nickname is FATALITY
When Chuck Norris looks at the sun, it begins cooling!
Chuck Norris doesn't send facebook friend request, he send friend demands.
Chuck Norris once shot down a fighter jet by pointing his finger at it and saying "bang!"
Chuck Norris has no shadow. No shadow could handle the pressure of being Chuck Norris.
The song 'I'm too sexy for my shirt' was created for Chuck Norris. But it isn't completely true. He is too sexy for clothes all together.
Chuck Norris once replied to a 'no-reply' mail, and got the answer he wanted.
When Geronimo skydives, he screams "Chuck Norris!"
If Chuck Norris can't, Norris Chuck can.
Night time doesn't happen, when Chuck gets tired, he blows out the sun.
Messing with Chuck Norris is the only thing that will get you disqualified from a Colonial Penn Life Insurance policy--  at any age.
Guinness World Records doesn't bother putting in records that Chuck Norris has done, because it would be massive
Chuck Norris bit Charlie's finger
Chuck Norris can drink from an empty glass.
Chuck Norris never had a heart attak. Heart is not that stupid to attak him.
Chuck Norris doesn't breath. He absorbs the air through his beard
Chuck Norris can eat a warm ice cream
Chuck Norris is actually the best bodyguard in the world, too bad he is self employed 
People with Pogonophobia (fear of beards) do not fear Chuck Norris beard. They are too scared of his entire existance to focus on 1 part.
Chuck Noris already ate what the Rock was cooking...
When Chuck Norris sneeze, he don't say "Atchoo" he says "DIE EVERYONE!!!". That's what happens next.
Chuck Norris' beard once parted the Red Sea
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick his own butt three times.
When Chuck Norris speaks................E.F. Hutton listens!
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? ...All of it!
Chuck Norris' toilet paper is a roll of cheese grater.
Chuck Norris goes down the highway to hell once a week
Chuck Norris already owns the I-Pad 5
Mosquitos don't bite Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris bites mosquitos
Chuck Norris doesn't have Twitter, because he's already following  you.
Chuck Norris watches the five o'clock news at noon.
Chuck Norris is the Reason Oscar is in a trash can 
Chuck Norris taught Moses Krav Maga.
Chuck Norris once killed a man 3 hours before the fight broke out.
Chuck Norris can only text if the phone's touch screen is bullet proof.
Chuck Norris can't sell shoes to the public because his kicks are to die for.
The only thing worse than Chuck Norris is death, No, I got it backwards
Chuck Norris once tripped and fell up.
Chuck Norris can stop the beat. Sorry Hairspray.
If Chuck Norris were the Sunday's Crossword Puzzle, he'd be really hard, really long, and it would take you all day to solve him...
The secret to life itself lies underneath Chuck Norris's beard.
Chuck Norris is a man of True Grit
Chuck Norris' chi alone disrupts telecommunication signals around the globe.
Hercules perfomed 12 labors. Unfortunately, the 13th was surviving a Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick.
Chuck doesnt trim his beard, it does it on its own
Chuck Norris on a pogo stick presents a danger to low flying aircraft.
If you try to stare out Chuck Norris, you go blind after 10 seconds.
humpty dumpty fell off the wall no humpty dumpty got round house kicked off the wall by chuck norris
Chuck Norris can fix stupid
Books used to be scribbles, then Chuck Norris and his awesomeness came.
Chuck Norris never gets bored. Why? Because he's Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was given a shovel as a kid. We now have the Grand Canyon
Oh no you didn't!...Oh but yes, Chuck Norris in fact did.
Nostradamus saw a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick from the future and died
Chuck Norris beated the last level of Pac-Man by using his roundhouse kick.
The only thing we have to fear is Chuck himself.
When Chuck Norris has a bone to pick, it's always the jawbone.
Chuck Norris can count backwords from infinity.  
Helen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris once cried during a romantic comedy. . . I'm just kiddin', man that would be weird. 
Hallmark made a Chuck Norris biography that will touch your heart. No really, it will actually reach inside your chest, pull it out, & show it to you
Led Zepplin never told anyone the truth........Chuck Norris built the Stairway to Heaven.
Chuck Norris can write with an eraser
Willis was talking about Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' first job was as a paperboy. There were no survivors.
Chuck Norris brings whale sushi and panda kebabs to vegan potlucks.  
The role of terminator was originaly played by Chuck Norris, but they decided against it as no-one would want to shit their pants for two hours strait
Chuck Norris turns his game off while saving.
No computer will allow you to type Chuck Norris between parentheses. 
Originally Back to the Future was about Chuck Norris going back in time to stop a Crazy Old Man and a Little Boy from creating problems in the future.
The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. There were no survivors, and nobody is brave enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
Those are not credits that roll at the end of Walker Texas Ranger, it is a list of fatalities that occured durin the filming of the show.
If you type in Chuck Norris on google and press "i'm feeling lucky", your computer will break down. you can't be lucky when it comes to Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris has a membership at every site. His username is chucknorriswillroundhousekickyou.
Once the batmobile accidentally hit Chuck Norris. He roundhouse kick it. Now the batmobile is known as Voyager.
Chuck Norris spreads Jellyfish on his toast.
Death came for Chuck Norris, but Chuck didn't want to go, so he round-house kicked Death and now they play poker every other Thursday
Chuck Norris is entitiled to his own facts.
Chuck Norris can make Shake n Bake with no help.
Chuck Norris doesn't use a coffee maker, he puts the coffee beans in his mouth and boils them with his rage.
Chuck Norris is so smart he doesn't need an encyclopedia, he is the encyclopedia
The last thing that you see before you die, is Chuck Norris.
The Dead Sea was formerly known as The Living Sea. Until it met Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' flowers have fists instead of petals.
Chuck Norris can beat Stevie Wonder in a starring competition.
Chuck Norris voids warranties
It is impossible to beat Chuck Norris in soccer because when he roundhouse kicks the ball, everything in its path gets distroyed.
MORTAL KOMBAT tryed to include Chuck Norris in their game but then the game would be too easy.
Why does Chuck Norris have no routine? He kicks habits!
Chuck Norris once punched a man in his soul
Davie Jones is afraid of Chuck Norris' Locker
Special forces once asked Chuck Norris to join them. After one round house kick it was determined to be inhumane. 
Not even Jack Links can make people want to mess with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can rick roll Rick Astley.
Ever wondered how you just died in Modern Warfare 2? That was Chuck Norris.
Invisability doesn't work, Chuck Norris can still smell you.
In 1945 The US army asked if they could clone Chuck Norris. instead he said he could sort out the Japanese.
Chuck Norris has a NO TRESPASSING sign.......it says I DARE YOU.
Chuck Norris can set magnifying glasses on fire...using ants
Chuck Norris: even Naruto can't believe it
Chuck Norris doesn't have nerves of steel. Steel is nervous about Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris can do the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge without Ice or a Bucket.
In a battle between Chuck Norris and himself, Chuck Norris will win.
May the 'Chuck' be with you
Chuck Norris once heard that nothing could kill him. So he tracked down nothing and killed it first.
Some people can skip rocks along water; Chuck Norris can skip water along rocks.
Chuck Norris made Journey stop beleiving
Chuck Norris can beat anyone in teamdeath match using a Guitar Hero controller
The phrase "Just a second" comes from the time it takes for Chuck Norris to heat up a cup of coffee...with his breath.
The helicopter was invented after Chuck Norris was observed doing 8 roundhouse kicks a second.
If survival of the fittest was true, Chuck Norris would be the last thing left on earth.
Chuck Norris is hope and change.
Chuck Norris threw out the opening pitch of a baseball game. It was recorded as a perfect game!
Chuck Norris is exempt from ObamaCare
Chuck Norris was fully developed after one week of pregnancy 
When they asked Chuck Norris to star in the first James Bond movie – he refused and said; “I don’t need a license to kill”.
Kinect says "You are the controller" for Chuck Norris it is only his legs
Chuck Norris can delete system32 and use the computer afterwards
At Halloween, ghosts and monsters sit around the campfire telling Chuck Norris stories...
Chuck Norris once played chicken with a wall.....thus the first door was born.
Chuck Norris got out of checkmate
When Chuck Norris goes to church for confession, the Father confesses, not him
Chuck Norris has his own private company for makeing diamond edged petrol powerd clippers to trim his beard
When Norris hits the road, he destroys it.
Chuck Norris doesn't die, he simply get bored of this dimension and go to another.
Chuck Norris made the Monopoly man go to jail. He is still there.
Chuck Norris can break you into two and a half pieces.
If you look closely, every cloud looks like Chuck Norris. 
Chuck Norris has a face only a mother could love. anybody else was immediately killed by a roundhouse kick to the face
The only reason Godzilla goes back into the ocean is because Chuck Norris is expecting him.......for dinner.
Chuck Norris's beard doubles as a fully equipped utility Knife
Chuck Norris's jeans are so tight to prevent excess oxygen from reaching his legs and causing involuntary Roundhouse Kicks.
Chuck Norris enjoys a good romance novel after he has killed 100 men, ate a bowl of nails, and won the Korean war.
Chuck Norris can kill your imaginary friends.
"2012" is code for, Chuck Norris when he is pissed.
Chuck Norris kills all old people at their birth.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to wear sunblock the sun wears Chuck-Block, needless to say it doesn't work
Chuck Norris can beat Minesweeper in only one move!
When Chuck Norris cooks potatoes, they mash themselves out of fear of him 
Chuck Norris threw the water bottle at Justin Bieber
Chuck Norris plays Scrabble with numbers. And wins.
Chuck Norris graduated from the University of Bad-Ass, with a degree in whoop ass, and a concentration in roundhouse kicks to the face. 
Chuck Norris could beat you up with his eyelashes.
Chuck Norris knows what the secret crabby patty recipe is.
Chuck Norris' smile once brought a puppy back to life.
Supposedly, if your not first, you're last.....but if you are first....you're Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris has the right to Bear Arms. Because he is big and strong.
Chuck Norris was hit by a semi while walking across a street, he then helped the driver out of the mangled wreckage.
Most parents pack their kids a lunch for school. Chuck Norris packs his kid a punch.
Steroids were banned from athletics because they tested positive for Chuck Norris.
There used to be a Santa Claus.  Then Chuck Norris came along....
Chuck Norris doesn't age. He levels up
Chuck Norris beard shaves razors
Chuck Norris is bad luck for the Number 13
When Chuck Norris enters a room, the radio pauses for a dramatic effect.
When Chuck Norris breaks your heart, he literally reaches in & breaks it.
Chuck Norris doesn't vote for presidents, he chooses from a list of applicants who want to be his assistant.
Chuck Norris doesnt shave, he kicks himself in the face. The only thing that can cut Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once had a sidekick... his name was Superman
The movie "I Am Legend" is a biography of Chuck Norris's life.
The name roller coaster "California Screamin'" is actually named after what happens when Chuck Norris is in the Golden State. 
"Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon" originaly featured Chuck Norris, but it was called "He's Behind You!"
Chuck Norris puts ice cube trays in the cupboard, and he gets ice.
In high school, Chuck Norris was voted "Most."
My friend said what's so good about Chuck Norris?  The next day he said he'd been roundhoused kicked in his dreams and felt the pain right now
Chuck Norris wore sunglasses to protect the sun from his intense gaze
The truth will set you free. Unless Chuck Norris has you, in which case, forget it buddy!
There used to be a Chuck Norris cologne, but it was discontinued when it was found that people died of roundhouse kick related injuries when opened.
Chuck Norris has his own football team. Guess who's gonna win the super bowl.
Only Chuck Norris knows a bigger number than infinity, and it's not infinite plus one.
Chuck Norris has his own protien powder. The ingriedients include: cocoa powder, stem cells, dodo egg protien, enriched uranium, LSD, and Vin Diesel.
Chuck Norris was once so angry, he snapped a man's neck, pulled him down from heaven, and snapped his neck again.
Underneath China it says "Made in Chuck Norris"
Chuck Norris actually went to Rome by all roads. At the same time.
The only thing between Chuck Norris and justice is an equal sign.
A single atom from Chuck Norris was used to create Jack Bauer
MORTAL KOMBAT tryed to include Chuck Norris in their game but then the game would be too easy.
Chuck Norris has inside jokes with strangers.
If you hear about someone who died and has an unknown cause of death, you can be sure that Chuck paid him a visit.
Chuck Norris doesn’t eat salad, he eats vegetarians 
Aliens fear that Chuck Norris might abduct them. 
Not many people know that "I think therefore I am" is incomplete. The full sentence is "I think therefore I am afraid of Chuck Norris"
Chuck Norris is not immortal or invincible. He is beyond those silly things.
Anything you can do Chuck Norris can do better. Chuck Norris can do anything better than you.
Chuck Norris can make pigs fly.
Others say Americans have no culture. That's not true! We have Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris found Nemo
Some people believe in life after death, and some people believe in life after Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can spell "team" with an i.
The White Stripes band found out the hard way that a 7 nation army couldn't hold them back, but CN could.
Achilles broke his heel trying to imitate Chuck Norris' Roundhouse Kick.
Chuck Norris eats black holes for breakfast. They taste like chicken.
Chuck Norris goggled 'Blue Waffle' and still said "I'd tap that."
Before heroes, there was Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is a fact.
Chuck norris does not have a fence. He has a dotted line and a fence that says "I dare you".
Chuck Norris just made you read this sentence.
Chuck Norris invented the microwave when he roundhouse kicked a metal box.
If Chuck Norris ever roundhouse kicked you in the face, you could never turn the other cheek because you'd be dead.
If Chuck Norris told you to jump off a bridge, would you? ...Of course you would.
Chuck Norris sent a e-mail through the postal service 
Chuck Norris is the Keeper of the Seven Keys.
Chuck Norris didn't cross the road... he was already on the other side...
Inspite the fact that Chuck Norris has a soul, the Ghost Rider doesn't use the penance stare on him, because he will die the moment he looks at Chuck.
The documentary film, “Biography of Chuck Norris”, won every Academy Award.  Ever.
When you say "no one's perfect", Chuck Norris takes this as a personal insult.
Mr. Whipple begged Chuck Norris to squeeze the Charmin.
A Chuck Norris fact a day keeps his roundhouse kicks away.
All men are born equal. Chuck Norris was just born more equal than everyone else.
Chuck Norris made death valley
They're aint' no good guys, they're ain't no bad guys. There's just Chuck Norris and everyone else.
It's not called the big bang theory, It's called the Chuck Norris fact....
Chuck Norris can beat Sonic the Hedgehog in a race
If fire plays with Norris it's gonna get Chucked.
When Chuck Norris gets nominated for the ALS ice bucket challenge, the bucket donates $1000 to ALS research.
When E.T. tried to call home, he got Chuck Norris on the phone!
Chuck Norris understood the ending of Lost.
Chuck Norris is the only person to know pi, because when he puts it into the calculator, the calculator doesn't dare give him only part of it.
Chuck Norris knows when you will die. He always knows when someone will die.
Chuck Norris never plays Halo. Why? Everyone kills themselves before he even turns the power on.
Chuck Norris can't fly because everytime he catches a flight, he can't help killing it.
The ocean was created from the dinosaurs tears when they first saw Chuck Norris. That's also when they became extinct.
Chuck Norris could catch that damn acorn in those ICE AGE movies!
Guns are warned not to play with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris cleans up crime......with a mop and bucket........full of people's blood.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Mother Nature is an unmarried mom
There is NO last page for Chuck Norris facts.
Mosquitos don't bite Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris bites mosquitos
When Chuck Norris visited a bull fight in Spain, not a single bull had a chance to say "Olay" before being speared by Chuck Norris.
If survival of the fittest was true, Chuck Norris would be the last thing left on earth.
Somebody saw Chuck Norris' diary. That book is now known as the Guinness Book of World Records
There are no different races just people Chuck Norris beat into different shades of black and blue.
Chuck Norris once fornicated with a farm tractor. The primeordial ooze that seeped from the block created the being we know today as Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris can hit anyone with the broadside of a barn!
When Chuck Norris uses a computer he doesn't use a mouse....he uses a horse
Chuck Norris always makes the shower head cry.
Before the Alpha and after the Omega there was Chuck and will be Norris
John Wayne's tombstone reads "In loving memory of Chuck Norris."
Chuck Norris' pet is Godzilla 
Chuck Norris can split an atom with a chainsaw
Chuck Norris received the Nobel Peace Prize for being Chuck Norris.
the proper way to respond to a Chuck stare is cover your face and pretend your invisable until you feel severe pain in your face
Chuck Norris' house has a ceiling, but no roof
Chuck Norris can complete an 18-hole golf course in nine strokes.
Chuck Norris has a butler. The butler's name is Bruce Wayne.
Chuck Norris gave the birth to Chaos in greek mythology.
Chuck Norris changed his own diapers.
When u see a carbon footprint sign, it's not how much carbon you release into the air, it's how big Chuck Norris' foot was when he kicked you!
chuck norris eats smart cars like m&m's
Chuck Norris can delete his Recycle Bin.
Chuck Norris discovered a new theory of relativity involving multiple universes in which Chuck Norris is even more badass than in this one
Facebook exists only because Chuck Norris wants to have friends and his enemies know where to find them
T.N.T explodes because it fears Chuck Norris.
Some people say you can't find an end to Chuck Norris jokes...Chuck Norris can!
Chuck Norris lost over a million Twitter followers with one roundhouse kick. One of them was Charlie Sheen.
A black hole is created when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks a sun.
Chuck Norris was invited to a birthday party. Norris dared one kid to suck all the helium out of all the balloons. Today, this kid is known as Justin 
There is no global warming, it is just the earth's fear of Chuck Norris
The keyboard doesn't have keys. Chuck Norris has the keys.
Chuck Norris knows the meaning of life, because he wrote it!
The Mayan calendar ended in 2012 because Chuck Norris ended the Mayans
Chuck Norris paints little red wagons for a living with his victim's blood. But not the wheels. That's just wrong.
Chuck Norris wiped the Nephilims with a round house kick.
Chuck Norris does not fart. Ever. That nasty odor you're smelling is the smell of death descending upon you.
Every  cloud  has  a  Chuck  Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't use mouthwash, he uses turpentine.
MythBusters confirmed the Chuck Norris facts.
The 'Space Race' refers to the challenge of following Chuck Norris into space.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the crap out of it.
Chuck Norris never had a heart attak. Heart is not that stupid to attak him.
No one has ever seen the end of a rainbow...because Chuck Norris is at the end of every one. Simultaneously.
When chuck Norris cries ..... Wait that never happens.
The 27 leters of the alphabet: A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z ChuckNorris.
Chuck Norris can blow helium into a blimp.
If Chuck Norris can, you can't. Simple.
Once upon a time, Chuck Norris moved a Mack truck out of his way. We now know this truck as Optimus Prime.
No matter how hard you hit Chuck Norris his beard never moves
Somebody once said "Chuck Norris isn't all he's cracked up to be". He was later found dead with the initials CN written on his back in bruises. 
no one has ever found where the smurfs live thats  becuase they live  in chuck norrises beard
The leprechan in Lucky Charms isn't runnig away from children, he's running away from Chuck Norris
When one door closes, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks another one open...
If Chuck Norris slaps you on the right cheek, you'll turn inside out. 
Chuck Norris can catch the gingerbread man.
Chuck Norris is the ending to the Sopranos
Chuck Norris will be hosting Prince William and Kate Middletons Bux and Hens night. He is also the wedding singer, DJ, and flower girl
When Chuck Norris goes out "trick or treating" he goes as himself
Chuck Norris made a one man band called "MAKEOUT" and replaced KISS.
When Chuck Norris lifts weights, the dumbells get tired.
Chuck Norris once bet NASA that he could survive re-entry without a space suit. They still owe him a beer.
Vegeta, what does the scouter say about it's power level?.... IT'S OVER CHUCK NORRIISS!! WHAT CHUCK NORRIS ?! There's no way that can be right
Food can sober up someone that's drunk.  Nothing can sober up Chuck Norris
The Army replaced all of it's body armor with Chuck Norris underoos...there have been no injuries since.
E=MC2 is actually the mathematical formula for the Round house kick.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a bullet proof vest, his chest hair can deflect a bullet better than Kevlar can.
Chuck Norris brings his fists to gunfights.
Chuck Norris was born in a log cabin, that he built with his own hands.
Chuck Norris makes blts out of Kevin Bacon
the last time Chuck Norris decide to give knowledge to humanity...The Cold War started
Microsoft Office doesn't correct Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris correct Microsoft Office.
Chuck Norris shaves with a belt sander
Every fact added to this site makes Chuck Norris more powerful 
Chuck Norris threw a penny off the empire state building and it killed everyone
Osama Bin Laden went into hiding because of Chuck Norris 
Chuck Norris can break bedrock in Minecraft
The Sun is Chuck Norris' camp fire
Chuck Norris once fell and missed the ground.
Chuck Norris' beard clippings are used by NASA to insulate rocket engines.
Chuck Norris once killed 20 men just by saying "bang".
Chuck Norris once dug a hole with a spoon. It's now known as the Grand Canyon
Chuck once got an itch, the itch got scared and never come back.
Chuck Norris can win a game of UNO without throwing away his cards.
Chuck Norris can do a handstand. On his feet.
Chuck Norris once said, there is a reason why cats have nine lives.
When Chuck Norris dialed the wrong number, the man who answered was so scared to tell him he put the phone down and went to find who he wanted.
Chuck Norris found Nemo
Chuck Norris thought that the bond market was a chance for him to trade former James Bond actors that he keeps as souvenirs after sparing their lives.
Chuck Norris was HD ready before anybody even knew what HD was.
If you put a cross in between Chuck's 2 noughts, in noughts and crosses...... you just crossed Chuck Norris
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can cook toast in a kettle.
Chuck Norris' EGGS are bigger than the ostriches eggs!!!
Chuck Norris always knows Where in the World Carmen SanDeigo is
Chuck Norris doesnt wash his clothes, he roundhouse kicks the dirt off them
Ninjas can punch thru solid steel, but Chuck Norris can punch thru solid diamond
When Chuck Norris got his first sling-shot, he created what we now know today as the "Moon", "Mars", "Jupitar", "Saturn" and "Pluto"
Chuck Norris is the reason why the Myans stopped working on their callender!
Chuck Norris doesn't find these funny as they are all true.
"When Chuck Norris left his home at the age of 18 to be a movie star, he told his dad "You're the man of the house now"
Chuck Norris can sing a duet by himself.
Chuck Norris can bowl a perfect game with a balloon.
Possession is an illusion, only because Chuck Norris owns everything.
The only reason Jason Voorhees keeps coming back is because Chuck Norris hasn't roundhouse kicked him yet.
Chuck Norris runs Bartertown
Chuck Norris is watching Big Brother.
Chuck Norris make Red Bull fly.
Chuck Norris is the seventh degree of separation.
Chuck Norris has a bigger network of friends in his beard than you have on Facebook.
Chuck Norris is so tough, he once ate a bowl of Lord Odin. And for a snack, Thor.
Statistics say, if Chuck Norris went on a diet for just one day, none of the third world countries would ever have food crisis.
Chuck Norris uses a fish to catch bait.
Chuck Norris can give you two black eyes with one punch.
Once, on 'Walker, Texas Ranger', Chuck Norris reached into his holster... and pulled out an extra fist.
In the next Transformers movie, Optimus Prime is superceded with an autobot that transforms into Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris was a kid he forced his mum to eat her vegetables!
Chuck Norris was supposed to play the terminator, but in the movie the terminator died, so they had to replace him...because Chuck Norris doesn't die.
Chuck Norris doesn’t lift weights, he just tells them to get off the floor.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar. Unless Chuck Norris says a cigar is a flower, then a cigar is a flower.
The cosmic egg exploded because Chuck Norris wanted an omelette
Chuck Norris is so tough that water in his shower is flowing upwards!
Chuck Norris received an electric shock, the result was Tron
Scott Baio once called Chuck Norris "Charles", so Chuck showed him who's IN CHARGE...with his fist!  No more Happy Days for Scott.
Chuck Norris was supposed to be in the movie Halloween but the director thought it would be kind of stupid for Michael Meyers to stab himself in fear.
Chuck Norris can make a call using a calling card
We are currently entering the age of Norrisius, not Aquarius. We're all gonna die.
Chuck Norris can pause online games.
Chuck Norris found Nemo
If you can see Chuck Norris, you should run away. If you can see the bottom of his shoe, it's too late.
Chuck Norris does not buy ground beef, he just takes a whole cow, runs it through his beard, and fully cooked hamburgers come out.
Chuck Norris CAN live If living is without you.
Chuck Norris doesn't like lizards, that's why he killed the dinosaurs
May the Chuck Norris be with you...always
Chuck Norris knows how long a piece of string is.
the Jedi Knights from Star Wars actually worshipped Chuck Norris, referring to him as ' the force' 
Chuck`s used boxers are used by North Korean to enrich Uranium
If you took all the worlds Super Heroes and combined them, Chuck would still kill them instantly.
Chuck Norris defeated the A-team.
Chuck Norris got into a staring contest with a rock.  The rock was later found huddled in a corner muttering to itself...
Chuck Norris kicked the first ball in the world cup from his front yard in Texas.
The Ghost Busters called Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is so manly that his beard can grow a beard.
Chuck Norris rode a Mammoth...Yesterday
Chuck Norris doesn't kick the can down the road, he kicks the keg across the universe.
Chuck Norris invented a cloning machine so he can trust somebody.
When people have conversations about Chuck Norris all they have to say is "Chuck Norris"
MC Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can in fact "touch this".
Sun burns do not result from exposure to the sun; they result from the heat of Chuck Norris' glare. 
You won't bite off your nose to spite your face, Chuck Norris will do it for you.
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
The IRS is now facing extinction, because nothing targets Chuck Norris and survives.
Chuck Norris CAN both love and hate Marmite
Of course there were no wepons of mass destruction found in Iraq..... Chuck Norris was at his ranch the whole time!
Chuck Norris talks about Fight Club
Chuck Norris can sit while standing
Mulder trusts Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't have hair, just flames.
When Chuck Norris needed braces he had them made from razor wire.
 In Way of the Dragon, Bruce Lee won a duel with Chuck Norris.  Later, Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked Lee and made it looked like Lee died of a curse.
Some people say there is no end to infinity, Chuck Norris made an end to infinity by roundhouse kicking it
They made a Chuck Norris action figure. No batteries needed.
Chuck Norris can see the light of day... at night.
Chuck Norris tried to pay attention but attention paid him.
Santa Claus fired all his elves and hired Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris knocks on deaths door nobody answers
When Chuck Norris tries to kill himself, he always dodges the killing blow 'cause he's that awesome.
It is said that the Sahara desert once was a huge ocean. Then Chuck Norris was born.
Chuck Norris does not require food, drink, shelter, or sleep, only confirmed kills.
It use to be Curly, Larry, Moe AND Chuck......but slapstick can be fatal it turns out.
Chuck Norris can make something out of nothing.
Real Big Bang and therefore Universe origin is Chuck Norris first roundhouse kick, when he was born.
Chuck Norris can scratch sandpaper. 
Chuck Norris will hate the player...aswell as the game!
In a difficult situation, ask yourself: "What would Chuck Norris do?" - even though you'll never be able to do the same.
Brock Lesnar decided he had to beef up after watching. Season 1 , Episode 1. of Walker Texas Ranger 
Chuck Norris can eat just one pringle.
Chuck Norris is a real life Master Builder.
When Chuck Norris takes a test, the test answers HIS questions.
Most people would rather be shot than kicked by Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn’t sweat, water condenses on him because of how cool he is.
Chuck Norris can handle the truth.
Chuck Norris caught all the Pokemon. With a landline.
Chuck Norris will be the new National Anthem of Russia
If you meet Chuck Norris in a game,dont tell it is him or you will be roundhouse kicked in the face
Chuck Norris doesn't go running, Chuck Norris goes chasing.
There are now five cup sizes at Starbucks: Short, Tall, Grande, Venti, and Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris knows who anonymous is
chuck norris once round house kicked a shark in the face . thats how the hammerhead came to be
The White Stripes band found out the hard way that a 7 nation army couldn't hold them back, but CN could.
When the boogieman looks at u, u pee in ur pants, if Chuck Norris looks at u, u DIE!
Chuck Norris can dive in the sea without getting wet... The water knows what will happen if you touch Chuck.
Lee Harvey Oswald did not kill JFK!  Chuck Norris accidentally shot a spit-wad out of the book depository building striking JFK in the head.
The Wizard is off to see Chuck Norris
Rambo may be able to rip out your jugular, but Chuck Norris can rip out your neck...
Chuck Norris does not submit facts. Chuck Norris creates pain.
People have personal bubbles, Chuck Norris has a personal woodchipper
Chuck Norris made all the colours of the rainbow, except pink: Tom Cruise made pink.
The original plan for Hiroshima and Nagasaki was to send in Chuck Norris. We decided to go the humane route.
Chuck Norris used to sign autographs using Sharpie Markers but they kept going dull on him.
Chuck Norris doesn't visit the Statue of Liberty;
Chuck Norris won final Jeopardy  by leaning on his answer board and staring at Alex Trebeck....Chuck had no money and bet 0 and still won.
Chuck Norris CAN spell with an I before E even after C.
When Chuck Norris gets a physical, it takes an entire hospital to take his pulse.
Chuck Norris was his teacher in first grade
When Chuck Norris programs the bytes have 9 bits.
Chuck Norris knows the Uknown Author.
Chuck Norris is not only a noun, but a verb.
Chuck Norris doesn't stub his toes. He accidentally destroys chairs, bedframes, and sidewalks.
Chuck Norris can catch a frisbee with his left eyebrow
This fact can be understood only by Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can block Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook account.
Someone talks to a friend of Chuck's in a bad manner, Chuck walks up from behind the man and, taps his shoulder,the man turns around and becomes stone
The reason everything is better in Texas is because Chuck Norris said so.
Team Rocket once attempted to steal Chuck Norris' Pikachu; they were immediately roundhouse kicked by Chuck before they lay a finger on Pikachu.
Chuck Norris can make Batman cry.
Chuck Norris can listen to pictures.
Note to everyone: Please do not give beans to Chuck Norris or do you want another atombomb on hiroshima?
The more Chuck Norris eats the more hungry he gets 
Chuck Norris made the dinosaurs extinct.
Chuck Norris once shot the dog in Duck Hunt.
Chuck Norris can lose what he never had
Chuck Norris got a perfect score on his SAT's, simply by writing Chuck Norris for every answer.
Chuck Norris believes he can fly. And he can.
Water can drown if Chuck Norris stays underwater for too long
Chuck Norris can go around the world in 80 seconds. But you can too, if he hits you with a roundhouse kick
The name's Norris...Chuck Norris. Bad Guys: "We surrender".....End Of Movie
According to leading scientists, the deadliest animal on the planet is the Bearded Norris.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table because the only element Chuck Norris recognizes is the element of suprise
Luke Skywalker could not find any weaknesses against Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can watch a 2 hour movie in 1 hour
Chuck Norris can beat Sonic the Hedgehog in a race
The Beatles' song "HELP" was written after they met Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris challenged a rock to a staring contest, and won, and then the rock exlploded.
Chuck Norris made Eminem back down.
Wherever you go, Chuck Norris will already be there.
Jimmie Johnson's car does not have an engine. It is powered by one roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris at the beginning of every race.
Chuck Norris shaves every morning.
Chuck Norris made Eminem back down.
Chuck Norris is the only person to ever win a staring contest against Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder at the same time.
Chuck Norris once ran on the treadmil. It couldn't keep up.
Chuck Norris skydives without a parachute...at least twice a day.
Chuck Norris' Commodore 64 loads and runs Windows Vista from tape in less than 30 seconds... It'd better do it!!
Seth Rogan said "Chuck Norris" and lost 80 pounds
Chuck Norris doesn't have Twitter, because he's already following  you.
Chuck Norris has the I Phone 6
Chuck Norris doesn't like Sara Lee.
Chuck Norris’ roundhouse kick travels faster than the speed of light
Chuck Norris can hear whales crying from the empire state building. 
Randy Johnson can throw a fastball 101mph. Chuck Norris can throw Randy Johnson 101mph.
Chuck Norris invented 1080p so people could see his beard is made of razor wire
Chuck Norris was completely visible to Hellen Keller.
Freds voice is high because Chuck Norris kicked him in the nuts
Chuck Norris once brought a lamb back to life. He then killed it to show that the good Chuck giveth and the good Chuck taketh away.
the mona lisa used to smile, then chuck norris roundhouse kicked it
People believe we evolved from monkeys. Actually, we evolved backwards from Chuck Norris.
In Viet-Namese, the word for "doom" is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is the reason why the man is on the moon.
Your mom says Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris becomes stronger everytime someone mentions his name.
Chuck Norris once faced off with Chuck Norris. That's where the Big Bang came from. 
Beetlejuice is afraid to say Chuck Norris 3 times.
When Chuck Norris looks at a clock, time trys to tick away.
The last thing you hear before Chuck Norris gives you a roundhouse kick? No one knows because dead men tell no tales.
There are only 2 people that have survived Chuck Norris. His shadow and Steven Hawkings
We need white blood cells to defend us from diseases, they need Chuck Norris.
It's call a Chuck Steak because Chuck just kicked that cow's butt.
Chuck Norris can do push-ups with his beard.
Chuck Norris does his grocery shopping at Home Depot
Hitler committed suicide because he knew Chuck Norris was pissed and coming to get him.
The US Government doesn't test UFOs in Area 51, they just test what can make Chuck Norris sneeze. So far nothing...
Chuck Norris knows what you did last summer
Chuck Norris can see through the Cloak of Invisibility.
Chuck Norris is the only one who can complete a Ravensburger puzzle without opening the puzzle box. 
When someone fires a gun at Chuck Norris, the gun won't fire. not even a gun would try to attack Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris once won a billion dollars on Who Wants to Be a Millionaire
Chuck Norris won American Idol, while on "the Voice"
Chuck Norris' heart doesn't beat....because nobody beats on Chuck
Chuck Norris can light a bubblegum cigar.... without a lighter.
We have nothing to fear but fear itself ... And Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is the only one who can pause an online games
Chuck Norris can Stop A Gaben
Every time Chuck Norris takes a blood test, he gets an A+.
Chuck Norris only has one hand on his watch. It's always pointing at "Time to Kill".
For Chuck Norris, a penny saved is a dollar earned
Chuck Norris has two speeds: kill and shag your girlfriend
When anyone asks, "Who's the daddy?" the answer is always Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris eats rocks for breakfest
The saying "Every Rule Has An Exception" was invented on the same day of Chuck Norris' birth.
Chuck Norris has his sunglasses registered as a lethal weapon.
Chuck Norris can make his own megazord "The Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kickers Ultimate Super Awesome Megazord"
In Soviet Russia, Chuck Norris kills YOU!
Chuck Norris does not eat. Food understands that the only safe haven from Chuck Norris' fists is inside his own body. 
Mr. T is one hell of a guy. Chuck Norris is one hell.
Chuck Norris version of the Staples Easy Button is his Fist.
NASA asks Chuck Norris' permission to launch.
Chuck Norris completed Ocarina of Time... without the Ocarina
Chuck once opened a bank account with a roundhouse kick.
If by some wierd glitch in spacetime, Chuck Norris could fight himself, he'd win. Period.
Chuck Norris is a hunter. But Chuck Norris does not hunt. That implies the possibility of failure.
Chuck Norris' power level is over 9000
Chuck Norris actually went to Mars, that's why there is no life there.
Chuck Norris goes bowling with golf balls.
Chuck Norris can push open doors that say "pull"
The sound of Chuck Norris' voice can move mountains.
Chuck Norris dosent carry a list. He always knows what to do.
Chuck Norris is like gravity, he always pulls you down
Chuck Norris won't be Mr. Rogers neighbor.
Chuck Norris can capitalize numbers.
Keep Calm and Chuck On.
When life gives a human lemons, he makes lemonade. When life gives Chuck Norris lemons, he squezzes them in life's eyes.
Chuck Norris can dowload apps to a rotory phone.
When Chuck Norris walks across the street, drivers have to look both ways.
Chuck Norris says that silver rhymes with orange.....and it does. 
Chuck Norris doesn't ask for permission. Permission asks for him.
Chuck Norris doesn't play........he quit school because of recess
When Chuck Norris is displayed, the flag must salute
Lehman Brothers owed Chuck Norris a fiver. When he asked for payback, well, you know the rest.
Chuck Norris shaves every morning.
Chuck Norris was never born. He Roundhouse kicked his way into existence.
Unlike Adele, Chuck norris can set fire to the rain.
Jimmy Hoffa did not disappear, he is hiding from Chuck Norris.
Think Normal, you end up Six Feet Under. Think Chuck Norris, you’ll live Forever.
One morning, Chuck Norris decided to travel to Mars. By Foot. He was back before lunch.
What doesn't kill Chuck only makes him stronger. Chuck Norris is immortal.
Vampires and Werewolves will get along when Chuck Norris is around.
Dante's Inferno is based on a Nature Walk Chuck Norris once took.
Chuck Norris invented half when he round house kicked the number 1
Chuck Norris can get a spare in bowling on his first throw.
Forget the flying  elbow Chuck's foot is the reason Obama has 10 stitches!
Chuck Norris never kills...with one roundhouse kick his opponent simply ceases to exist.
Chuck Norris Once wrote a biography about his life. Today that biography is known as the Encylopedia.
If The Statue of Liberty were an amusement park, Chuck Norris would spend all day INSIDE her.
Chuck Norris doesn't take pain relievers.  He's the cause of them.
Chuck Norris is so tough he can grow hair through his clothing.
What do Chuck Liddell, Chuck Taylor, Chuck from the TV series and Chuck Norris have in common? Nothing. Chuck Norris is Unique. 
when a tree falls Chuck Norris hears it 
Chuck Norris made all the colours of the rainbow, except pink: Tom Cruise made pink.
Chuck Norris can do the Million Man March by himself.
When Mr. Ed meets Chuck Norris, he becomes Mr. Dead.
Chuck Norris once decked the halls, and the halls have never smarted off to Chuck again
When Chuck Norris gets angry he counts to Pi. 
The largest unit of digital information is called Chuckbyte.
Once the batmobile accidentally hit Chuck Norris. He roundhouse kick it. Now the batmobile is known as Voyager.
humpty dumpty fell off the wall no humpty dumpty got round house kicked off the wall by chuck norris
Chuck Norris does not need an account, he is the registration system.
Chuck Norris Fell Down The Stairs And Broke Somebody Elses Leg
Chuck Norris cannot see himself in the mirror because there can only be one Chuck Norris.
BP's engineers were only able to stop the oil spill with Chuck Norris's help. He gave the leak one stare and it plugged itself out of sheer terror.
There's no need to send a man to Mars, Chuck Norris has already been there.
Chuck Norris cant be burned by fire.Fire gets burned by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris giggled once... When he was struck by lightening
Chuck Norris once told Martin Luther King about a dream he had.
Chuck Norris' favorite chocolate bar is a Crunch Bar because it's the noise of you bones cracking when he round house kicks you
Chuck Norris gave himself a high five. Both hands were his right!!!
Chuck Norris' motorcycle in Delta Force was the worst creation of Orange County Choppers
Chuck Norris can over rev a revolver
Chuck Norris has no beginning and no end.
Chuck Norris can can burn you with water
Chuck Norris gave the birth to Chaos in greek mythology.
Chuck Norris once planted a box of Cheerios in his yard, the result was a donut tree.
Chuck Norris can write and speak in Times New Roman.
The Universe will cease to exist if Chuck Norris and Judge Judy ever come into physical contact.
It takes 14 puppeteers to make Chuck Norris smile, but only 2 to make him destroy an orphanage.
So many people prank called him, he punched someone through the phone.
In 1945 Chuck Norris drank a Redbull and jumped out a plane. For image results, Google the word Hiroshima.
Big Foot discovered Chuck Norris and hid in the forest.
Only 2 people watch you when you sleep... Santa and Chuck Norris 
Chuck Norris doesn't need an alarm clock, the sun rises when he does.
Tony Iommi and Chuck Norris went on a "duel" once to determine the fastest on guitar... look what happened to Iommi`s left hand
Chuck Norris powers the Hadron Collider 
Chuck Norris gave birth to the dinosaurs. Too bad they weren't as tough as him.
Chuck Norris once went to practice his golf swing at a driving range .... his golf balls are now known as stars!!!
Chuck Norris is the original Weapon of Mass Destruction.  
Chuck Norris is so awesome the words to describe him don't exist.
Chuck Norris found the end of the rainbow.... at night
When Chuck Norris was born, science was changed completely. Every time Scientists would try to prove something to be immposible, Chuck Norris did it.
A teacher once tried to fail Chuck Norris ......she no longer has her job.
Unicorns are extinct because Chuck Norris used all their horns as toothpicks. 
Chuck invented Texas Hold'em. Originally it wasn't played with poker chips but with lives. I guess we all know who always wins.
Chuck Norris is so awesome, he denied this fact!
Chuck Norris released 3 studio albums with a 12 man band...by HIMSELF
Chuck Norris once played rugby by himself.  He went undefeated. Chuck Norris once played rugby by himself.  He went undefeated.
Surgeons once attempted to clone Chuck Norris and give the clone a sex change.  Jean Claude Van Damme was as clos as they could get!
Super Glue is made from Chuck Norris' saliva.
Chuck Norris had a middle name, until it noticed that it had to be between Chuck Norris.
Sticks and stones may break your bones but Chuck Norris' fists will kill you.
Gordon Ramsey answers "YES CHEF!" to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris successfully seperated twins conjoined at the head by roundkicking them in the face.
It goes, rock, paper, scissors, lizard, Spock, Chuck Norris, there are no hand gestures for it, because one cannot contain all that power in one hand.
Who wins a fight between Mayhem and The Most Interesting Man in the World? Chuck Norris
Light just wishes it was a fast as one of Chuck's fists.
Chuck Norris' lunch was stolen during a camping trip. No one has seen Big Foot ever since.
That which does not kill Chuck Norris, runs away screaming like a girl.
Quinton Jackson got his middle name when Chuck Norris 'RAM'med his 'PAGE'
It took one lick for Chuck Norris to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop
Chuck Norris can tap dance in flip flops 
Santa Claus fired all his elves and hired Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once succeeded in the cinnamon challenge. He then moved up and completed the same challenge with garlic powder.
Chuck Norris messed with Texas. 
Chuck Norris can win a staring contest...with his eyes closed.
Anybody can outdo the impossible, but nobody can outdo Chuck Norris.
Beginner, Easy, Medium, Hard, Expert, Intense, Impossible, Chuck Norris
When someone snoozes, they lose. When Chuck Norris snoozes, he wins.
Chuck Norris protects his airbag in an accident
When Chuck Norris wants some ice cream, he eats Antartica
At museums Chuck Norris is allowed to touch the art.
Chuck Norris couldn't go to school because he was considered a weapon.
Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicks are the 2nd leading cause of death world wide after heart attacks, most of which were caused by fear of a roundhouse kic
If Chuck Norris dies so do we
Neo was the sixth anomaly in The Matrix. The previous five were all named Chuck Norris.
We have earthquakes because when Chuck Norris says "Jump" everyone listens. 
They once offered Chuck Norris to star in the new Mortal Kombat game but he roundhouse kicked the man who asked, nobody plays Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can split the Atom.
Chuck Norris doesn's miss a hit.  He let you live
When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris
Gravity obeys the law of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris made the universe... out of his snot and left kidney.
People population on earth is big but if Chuck Norris somehow someday will die the people population becomes extremely big in 1 day.
Chuck Norris got detention from a teacher. What teacher?
On Halloween, children give Chuck Norris candy.
The monks found enlightenment after receiving a roundhouse kick to the face.
Someone once said that Superman could never be turned into a zombie.  Chuck Norris decided to test that claim and the result was Jason Vorhees
Chuck Norris can speak French in Russian.
Chuck Norris can hear sign language.
Chuck Norris can blow a bubble with Now & Later candy
Chuck Norris sweats Old Spice 
When Chuck Norris plays scrabble, hjdldudhqe IS a real word
Chuck Norris can write left handed with both hands.
When Chuck Norris visits a cemetery, he just smiles and says "good times."
How much push-ups did Chuck Norris do? All of them
North Korea is testing weapons because they blindly believe that they actually have a chance against Chuck Norris.
All roads lead to Chuck Norris.
Unlike Chess, Chuck Norris doesn't need to say CHECK. He is always ONE MOVE from beating you.
Chuck Norris only kills on days of the week that end in "y."
Chuck Norris does not checkmate. He Chuckmates.
The Terminator said, "I'll be back" because he saw Chuck Norris was coming
Big Bang happened as a result of Chuck Norris sneezing
The reason it rains is Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
I go one way, you go the other. Chuck Norris goes both ways.
Chuck Norris chopped a tree down with a roundhouse kick
Chuck Norris can do a roundhouse kick with his arms.
The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse will only arrive when Chuck Norris says so.
When Chuck Norris saw your mom, he ran away screaming for mercy!
When the movie came out in which Bruce Lee defeats Chuck Norris, its genre was actually "comedy/science fiction".
Chuck Norris burns calories with a flamethrower.
Thousands of years ago Chuck Norris came across a bear. It was so terrified that it fled north into the arctic. It was also so terrified that all of its decendents now have white hair.
Don't do unto Chuck Norris what you don't want Chuck Norris to do unto you... but even if you don't do it to Chuck Norris, he'll still do it to you. 
Chuck Norris is the reason why Jersey Shore is going to Italy
To deter crime, homeowners are removing their Brinks Home Security signs and putting the name Chuck Norris on their mailbox.
The Grimm Reaper lost his job the day Chuck Norris was born.
Every time Chuck Norris goes into a Casino, he gets out with more money... and without even a bet.
If you take the helmet off of Master Chief you find Chuck Norris. 
Chuck Norris' sleep number is roundhouse.
The ONLY reason there was never a "Godzilla vs. Chuck Norris" movie is because Godzilla could not stop peeing his pants out of fear
Simon Says, but Chuck Norris doesn't listen
Guns don't kill people. Chuck Norris kills people.
Chuck Norris only eats jelly that is made out of jellyfish.
Chuck Norris scored a touchdown in a basketball game
The operater calls Chuck Norris when she needs help tracking someone down.
Godzilla once broke his whole foot trying to kick Chuck Norris aside.
When Chuck Norris hired his bodyguards, he figured he was paying to save someone.
Chuck Norris once roundhoused a planet so hard and so fast it burst into flames, today it is known as the sun
Years ago Chuck Norris set up a simple little home network and gave it a name. It's called the INTERNET
Chuck Norris never get mean tweets because the people who run twitter are not that stupid
Genies rub Chuck Norris and he grants them three wishes. 
Chuck Norris has a six-pack on his chin.
Chuch Norris' car doesn't have round wheels......he rolls on squares
Chuck Norris' shadow can be seen in total darkness.
Once Chuck Norris was playing Modern Warfare 2 and got a throwing knife killa with a tactical insertion
Chuck Norris can hear his phone ring on silent.
Chuck Norris can chop down a tree... with his FACE!!!
Chuck Norris dosen't have a bad hair day...hair has a bad Chuck Norris
Copper was inspired by Chuck Norris's beard. And rattler is to rattle snake as Chuck Norris's beard is to Chuck Norris.
Some people have alter egos. Chuck Norris has no such thing.
Chuck Norris is so awesome, to him the word impossible just means mildly inconvenient 
When Chuck Norris looks in the mirror, he gets jealous.
Chuck Norris can make lemonade out of apples
Chuck Norris destroyed the Lord of Rings.              Twice. 
Chuck Norris once slapped a headless man.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kick is fast that he stopped the Flash.
A bungee must do the Norris jump
Chuck Norris and Nibby once had a fight. It would now be referred to as the Apocalypse!
Chuck Norris killed Heath Ledger..nobody ruins the image of cowboys and lives
A single atom from Chuck Norris was used to create Jack Bauer
Sharks have a week dedicated to Chuck Norris
Arnold Schwarzenegger never came back because he knew Chuck Norris was there!
Many things misteriously came true the day Chuck Norris made a pig fly with a roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris won't break your train of thought... he'll derail it into your inflated sense of accomplishment.
Flying is scared of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris kills people because he is hungry
Chuck Norris can write a college term paper without vowels and receive an honorary doctorate degree for it.
Chuck Norris can surf on lava
Chuck Norris can get salt & vinegar in the same shaker.
There is a thing called a one man army. Pretty obvious Chuck is in it. And he always wins.
When Chuck travels by sea, often the sea suffers from Chuck-sickness! True story!
Chuck Norris is the bravest human in the galaxy; he listened to a complete Justin Bieber album 
There are infinite ways to skin a cat, and yes, Chuck Norris knows ALL of them.
When you look at Chuck Norris, you can't see him coming
Chuck Norris can blow up things, without a bomb
If it rains outside and Chuck Norris decided to talk a walk        It will stop raining.
Kryptonite has been found to contain trace elements of Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks to the face. Norris roundhouse kicks to the face. This is why it is so deadly to Superman.
Some people say there is no end to infinity, Chuck Norris made an end to infinity by roundhouse kicking it
Chuck Norris doesn't teach his kicks. They speak for themselves.
If you can't beat them, join them... or call Chuck Norris, because he CAN beat them.
Chuck Norris managed to score 180 with one dart.
Chuck Norris CAN catch the gingerbread man.
Chuck Norris smells what the Rock is cooking... because the Rock is Chuck Norris' personal chef.
Chuck Norris doesn't swim with dolphins, he bikes with them!
When you are fast asleep, Chuck is faster....
Chuck Norris doesn't throw up... he only throws down. 
The Expandables is just a brief summary of Chuck's 1st paragraph in his autobiography book called, The Expandable.
Chuck Norris doesn't lie, he rewrites history !
It's not a name, it's sound effects: *Chuck!* -the impact of a fist- *Norris!* -the echo of a roundhouse kick- 
Got a chip on your shoulder? Chuck Norris got the salsa
The Joker recieved a job at Comedy Central, thanks to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can put out fire with gasoline.
Animals sacrifice themselves to Chuck Norris
Kryptonite is translated to ancient greek as Chuckius Norrisimus
What came first the chicken or the egg? I think it was the roundhouse kick to the face you were given thinking about this question.
In an average living room there are 1,242 objects Chuck Norris could use to kill you, including the room itself.
Chuck Norris grates cheese with his abs.
If Daniel Day-Lewis has a milkshake, and Chuck Norris has a milkshake, Chuck will get the Oscar.
Chuck Norris won a Spelling Bee with sign language.
The last time Chuck Norris cried Noah built an ark.
Transformers are just another name for Chuck Norris' grade 5 science project
No one goes trick or treating at Chuck Norris' house
When you look at Chuck Norris, you can't see him coming
Tapeworms give food to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris trained a group of men and women in his military camp. They are now known as SPARTANS.
"I am the alpha and the omega, the creator and the destroy....in other words I am Chuck Norris"-Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris pokes you on facebook, you feel it
Brett Farve isn't indecisive about playing or retiring, Chuck Norris just hasn't told him what to do yet.
Chuck Norris once got bit by a rattle snake........ After three days of pain and agony ..................the rattle snake died 
The dinosaurs only looked at Chuck Norris the wrong way once.
Fact: Thunder is the whimper of lighting as it runs from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
Chuck Norris only allows you to live because you haven't met him yet.
Chuck Norris was heard in a soundproof room!
Chuck Norris can grow an infinitely large beard and twist it into full body dreadlocks.
Chuck Norris can judge me. 
Chuck Norris is the reason why Oscar lives in a trash can.
Chuck Norris doesn't dot his i's. They dot themselves for fear of the dots being created via roundhouse kick
Chuck Norris does not have to enter passwords to access emails. They just open!
Chuck Norris has a banana phone.
Explosions walk away from Chuck Norris in slow motion.
The reason it rains is Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
The band, Five Finger Death Punch, was named after Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris runs on batteries. Specifically, Die Hards.
The US Government doesn't test UFOs in Area 51, they just test what can make Chuck Norris sneeze. So far nothing...
TARP didn't have to be passed to kickstart the economy. All that the President needed to do was to ask Chuck Norris to roundhouse kick it
When Chuck Norris hangs a picture, it normally dies.
Chuck Norris beat Dark Souls with a Rock Band Drum set.
If Chuck Norris dies so do we
Chuck Norris doesn't swim, he beats the crap out of the water until it takes him wherever he wants to go.
Chuck Norris doesn't smile, the corners of his mouth run upwards away from his fists.
Rambo, Clint Eastwood, Arnold Schwarzenegger, John McClane, Samuel L. Jacksonand James Bond are all just Chuck Norris in disquise
If you put Chuck Norris' hand in warm water while he is sleeping YOU will wet your pants
Chuck Norris was the model for Michealangelo's "David"
Chuck  Norris doesn't eat marshmellow peeps. He eats wild bunnies.
The Old Spice guy is still alive because Chuck Norris has yet to see any of his commercials.
He-Man isn't the Master of Universe. Chuck Norris is the Master of He-Man
Chuck Norris blows out trick candles.
Chuck Norris played 18 holes of golf the other day. He scored a 17.
Chuck Norris' keyboard doesn't have an F1 key because he doesn't need help...EVER
Chuck Norris wasn't in The Expendables because he would finish the job in the movie trailer
Chuck Norris' pet is Godzilla 
As an infant, Chuck Norris' parents gave him a toy hammer. He gave the world Stonehenge.
Chuck Norris can listen to 24 hours worth of music and not move a single muscle.
Chuck Norris never got Rickrolled.
Chuck norris was born on﻿ May 6 1945. De Nazi surrenderd on May 7 1945.
Chuck Norris is so fast you don't know in which time zone he is 
On his days off Chuck Norris actually gets along with people quite well. Chuck Norris never takes a day off.
The name of the anime Soul Eater was actually inspired by one of Chuck Norris' nicknames.
Chuck Norris is the father of Father Time
Crop circles aren't made by aliens -- it's just Chuck Norris playing with his cereal.
A bulletproof jacket is an imitation of Chuck Norris' beard
Bruce Lee killed Chuck Norris in Way of the Dragon, Chuck Norris killed Bruce Lee in the way of his door.
If you had 100 dollars and Chuck Norris had 5, Chuck Norris would round house kick in the face and steal the money from you.
Chuck Norris can bypass a voice only recognition machine using sign language.
 Chuck Norris can split the atom. With his bare hands. 
When Chuck Norris moves into a haunted house the ghosts move out.
Chuck Norris' credit cards have no limit. Last weekend, he maxed them out. 
Chuck Norris doesn't need photos, he takes mental pictures
Chuck Norris made the Monopoly man go to jail. He is still there.
Chuck Norris can divide a number by zero
Chuck Norris looked at a $50 bill when seeing double. Guess what was on the back
The guy from the Old Spice commercial is Chuck Norris when he was a baby
If Chuck Norris made Two Wrongs it would make a Right, but Chuck makes no Wrongs.
After meeting with Chuck Norris’ lawyer the UFC have changed their name from “Ultimate Fighting Championship” to simply “Fighting Championship.” 
Chuck Norris sees dead people...and they run.
Chuck Norris can climb Everest from top to bottom.
Chuck Norris once went on Man Tracker, they're still looking...
Chuck Norris can win a game of scrabble using only numbers.
Even when Chuck Norris is 24hrs from Tulsa he can be there within the hour.
Lord Voldemort Is Just One Of Chuck Norris' Horcruxes.
Chuck fires a 6-round revolver 7 times
Chuck Norris can catch a frisbee with his left eyebrow
Why are sharks always growing new teeth? Because Chuck Norris is always knocking them out.
The chicken crossed the road so Chuck Norris could kill it and eat it.
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble you win ... forever
Chuck Norris IS the Blair Witch in the Blair Witch Project
A troll tried to stop Chuck Norris from crossing a bridge now they're extinct
Chuck Norris only gets tired of running when he's bored.
Superman wears a cape so that people will know that he is awesome - this makes Chuck Norris laugh.
A friend told me if you say "Chuck Norris" 5 times into a mirror, you see his face ...but then your kidneys explode
Chuck Norris pierced his ears by biting them
Chuck Norris is so cool, M&M´s doesn't melt in his hand
Once Chuck Norris met a man on a horse that he did'nt like, now we know him as the headless horseman
Chuck Norris can take a selfie with a walkman.
Ever wonder why the tide goes out? It's because Chuck Norris is on to the beach
Chuck Norris has beaten Final Fantasy VII before it even started.
The Flinstones give their children Chuck Norris vitamins
Chuck Norris faced the Elite Four with nothing but a level 18 Magicarp; its Splash KO'd all 26 Pokemon at once
In Soviet Russia, (and every other place on this earth) Chuck Norris FINDS YOU.
The reason Michael Jackson died was because he saw Chuck Norris coming and got a heart attack
Chuck Norris previews every 'Chuck Norris Fact' himself... Before they are written.
When Chuck Norris looked in the mirror, the mirror shattered..no one gets between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris killed the devil and is selling his own line of Picks of Destiny, available in all Chuck Norris approved guitar shops.
Chuck Norris can play Beethovens 5th Symphony with only one hand.
Gandalf was wrong, Chuck Norris shall pass.
Chuck Norris is the only person able beat a fish at holding his breath under water.
Never tell Chuck Norris he lost the game because he will make you lose the game then roundhouse kick you in the face making you lose twice
When Chuck Norris plays Russian roulet the bullet hopes it doesn't hit Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can run somebody over without a car.
Chuck Norris is the reason we sing the blues.
Chuck Norris does not own a stove, oven, or microwave , because revenge is a dish best served cold.
Chuck Norris once appeared to Martin Luther King in a dream.
The world used to be safe from Chuck Norris because we had Bruce Lee.  Now that he's gone, we have no hope.
Chuck Norris doesn't do interviews because Chuck Norris cannot be questioned.
Chuck Norris once shot down a Nazi Zepplin by pointing his finger at it and saying bang
Everything you know is wrong - including this. Everything Chuck Norris knows is right - including knowing that everything you know is wrong.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks people in the face first and asks questions later.
Batman has Robin, Crockett has Tubbs, Milli has Vanilli, but Chuck has the greatest sidekick of all...his feet.
Chuck Norris can smell danger through his ears.
The Death Star wasn't yet truly operational when Princess Leia was a captive on board. The Emperor actually hired Chuck Norris to destroy Alderaan.
Chuck Killed Curiosity
The only thing Chuck Norris is allergic to is fear.
There will no longer be Mixed Martial Arts; Chuck Norris sorted them all out.
Chuck Norris wears white to black tie events.
Sayans Can transform their power in several stages; Super Sayan, Super Sayan 2, Super Sayan 3, Super Sayan 4 and Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn't step on toes; he steps on necks.
Chuck Norris can make medicine sick.
The last time Chuck Norris played battleship, it was called Pearl Harbor
Chuck Norris doesn't vote...he chooses
Chuck Norris can turn a vegan into a cannibal
The only thing we have to fear is Chuck himself.
When Chuck Norris sings karaoke, he does not look at the monitor. The monitor adjusts itself accordingly.
Chuck Norris can sing the Star Spangled Banner backwards....in Latin
Chuck Norris used an Aimbot, Chams and Wallhacks.... In real war.
Fireman Sam isn't the hero next door, Chuck Norris is.
Kermit asked, "Why are there so many songs about rainbows, but only one Chuck Norris knows?"
Chuck Norris' Commodore 64 loads and runs Windows Vista from tape in less than 30 seconds... It'd better do it!!
Chuck Nnorris doesn't die he just stands there and watches you try
People sell their souls to the devil.  The devil sells his soul to Chuck Norris.
Jesus once saw Chuck Norris in his tortilla
No one on earth hates Chuck Norris because he roundhouse kicked all that did into space.
When Chuck Norris gets pulled over he read the officers his rights
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked India. We now have the Himalayas.
The Old Spice Man aspires to smell like Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris once fornicated with a farm tractor. The primeordial ooze that seeped from the block created the being we know today as Optimus Prime.
Aliens haven't visited Earth because they're afraid of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris makes sure Superman does his job.
Chuck Norris uses live Grizzly Bears as Pillow Pets.
Chuck Norris doesn't breathe, he holds air hostage.
To this day, Italy still honors Chuck Norris by outlining their country in the shape of a boot.
Santa Claus has to be good all year to get on Chuck Norris' "Nice" list
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
How many times did Chuck Norris count to a thousand you ask?? OVER 9000!!!!!!
Fire trucks and ambulances pull to the shoulder when chuck Norris drives by
The apple falls far from the tree, when a roundhouse kick is taken to the trunk.
Chuck Norris can kill 2 stones with 1 bird.
Chuck Norris saw the Spanish Inquisition coming from a mile away.
During a power outage, Chuck Norris kick started the generators at Hoover Dam.
When Chuck Norris was denied an Egg McMuffin at McDonald's because it was 10:35, he roundhouse kicked the store so hard it became a Wendy's.
Kegs do Chuck Norris stands at fraternity parties.
Chuck Norris is a vegetarian. Meaning, he does not eat animals until first he puts them into vegetative state with his fists.
Chuck Norris tells the Flight Attendant to remain seated. 
Chuck Norris has to visit the dentist twice a month in order to remove the jawbreakers stuck between his teeth. 
Chuck Norris is the ending to the Sopranos
Chuck Norris' mom has a tattoo that says "Son".
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick a light saber, and break it in two.
Mortal Kombat is not difficult enough for Chuck Norris, so he got Immortal Kombat.
Chuck Norris does not fart, nothing escapes Chuck Norris
Google won't search for Chuck Norris because it knows you don't find Chuck Norris, he finds you.
Chuck Norris once played Uncharted.... on a Commodore 64
Cocoa puffs go cuckoo for Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn't water his plants, he just looks at them and they cry.
Chuck Norris counts his chickens before they hatch.
Chuck Norris saved Private Ryan befor Tom Hanks
Mortals take showers with hot water. Chuck Norris keeps clean with the hot lava of Kilauea in Hawaii.
At the end of the universe, there is only Chuck Norris
A passing glance from Chuck Norris has been known to cause women to faint.
Chuck Norris is the reason Michel Jackson has no nose
Chuck Norris' cell phone contract expired 5 years ago. The phone company is just too scared to tell him.
Chuck Norris is so fast that he can lock a drawer and leave the key inside
Chuck Norris. You have to have balls just to read this.
Chuck Norris can make it snow, even in the Sahara dessert.
If Chuck stands on your roof during a thunderstorm, the storm goes, thundering somewhere else.
Michael Scofield broke out of prison when he heard that Chuck was arrested
Chuck Norris can score 1000 of goals on a goalie who's under the influence of fragrant Old Spices.
I thought I seen a UFO, but it was just Chuck Norris throwing me his frizbee.
Chuck Norris once walked through the Sahara forest with an axe.
There's nothing to fear but fear itself, they say. But even fear itself fears Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris uses live Grizzly Bears as Pillow Pets.
A B Chuck D E F G H I J K L M Norris O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
The legend of Cerberus the 3 headed giant dog came from Chuck Norris' pet dog.
Chuck Norris thought of thinking.
There is no such thing as reality, only the mind of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris was dropped twice as a baby. First on Hiroshima, then on Nagasaki.
Chuck Norris once beat Guitar Hero on Expert level, using an air guitar.
Mayhem is looking for insurance to be better protected from Chuck Norris
There is no such thing as an endangered species, they are Chuck's likes and dislikes.
Chuck Norris can have his cake and eat yours too.
Chuck Norris' truck doesn't use gas, it runs on respect. 
When Chuck Norris wants an egg, he cracks open a chicken.
Chuck Norris can talk with his mouth closed
Chuck Norris is the funniest man in the world. Too bad everyone in the world is too scared to laugh at his jokes.
 When God closes a door, he opens a window. When Chuck Norris closes a window, the Kool-Aid guy bursts through a wall.
When Chuck Norris looks to the horizon, he sees his own neck.
Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter
Chuck Norris can divide by ANYTHING
Chuck Norris once wiped out on a motorcycle.   The road got Chuckrash.   The road was permanently damaged and closed forever.
Never bring a knife to a gun fight; never even try to come to a Chuck Norris fight.
Chuck Norris has his own reserved chair in the corner of the Oval Office.
You wanna know what's deadlier than Chuck Norris? Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can dunk a basketball using his feet...
On August 6 1945 a Hiroshima citizen doubted the power of Chuck Norris Round-House Kick... 3 days later a Nagasaki citizen did too...
Chuck Norris broke the sound barrier whilst head banging 
For some, the left testicle is larger than the right one. For Chuck Norris, each testicle is larger than the other one.
Chuck Norris has swum the English Channel to the other side and back... completely submerged the entire way.
Chuck Norris's version of a "chocolate milkshake" is a raw porterhouse wrapped around ten Hershey bars, and doused in diesel fuel.
The only Christmas present Chuck Norris ever gives is allowing you to live. 
Chuck Norris can make his own megazord "The Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kickers Ultimate Super Awesome Megazord"
Harvard graduated from Chuck Norris
Nobody really thinks Monty Python is funny; but when Chuck Norris laughs everyone laughs.
Chuck Norris invented Chemical-X. He shrugs it off as "a bad case of diarrhea."
If you cut Chuck Norris in half, there's an angrier, smaller Chuck Norris inside.
When Chuck Norris was in kindergarden he made his teacher spit out her gum.
Chuck likes this fact most.
Chuck Norris keeps caffeine up at night.
Chuck Norris is physically unable to be physically unable.
Chuck Norris can mix water and oil just putting his finger in it!
If Chuck were any tougher.....he'd rust.
Chuck Norris watched The Avengers and The Dark Knight Rises in 4d yesterday.
Chuck Norris is the only thing that makes all these facts true!
Chuck Norris killed Hip Hop.
Brock Lesnar vs Chuck Norris? CHUCK NORRIS. 
Chuck Norris once successfully performed Fred Flintstone's foot braking method - while on a train.
Chuck Norris puts the four seasons on his steak.
Chuck Norris can be a logger in a world with no trees.
When Chuck Norris stretches every muscle in his body, he'll suck up the universe because of high gravity.
Chuck Norris' dog pick up after him.
Only Chuck Norris is stronger than an Altoid.
Chuck Norris ran the Boston Marathon backwards just to see what second place looked like.
Carly Rae Jepsen's Call Me Maybe was actually dedicated to Chuck Norris. 
the dinosaurs made Chuck Norris mad...once
The United States dropped Chuck Norris on Hiroshima and Nagasaki.
Chuck Norris can laugh without breathing.
When Chuck Norris falls out of a boat , he dosn't hit water... That's because Chuck Norris would never fall out of a boat it the first place.
Chuck Norris won the race against time.
Chuck Norris is the reason you turn a light on when you enter a room
Chuck Norris can bunt a homerun.
When Chuck Norris play guitar, he is just staring at the guitar
Genesis does, Chuck Norris did.
Chuck Norris can win the game.
If you have a dollar and Chuck Norris has a dollar , then Chuck Norris has two dollars and you have no money!! 
Spontaneous combustion is the result of someone thinking Chuck Norris isn't that good.
Since Chuck Norris couldn't spell the alphabet backwards in less than 5 seconds, nobody ever could.
The word 'impossible' was originally defined as 'Not possible; Not able to exist.' The real meaning is: 'Not possible (Unless you are Chuck Norris)
Chuck Norris' Commodore 64 loads and runs Windows Vista from tape in less than 30 seconds... It'd better do it!!
Chuck Norris' Forecast:  Partly cloudy with a 90 percent chance of pain.
The Titanic sunk because Chuck Norris ran into it during his swim
Chuck Norris puts the caramel in the Caramilk bar.
Chuck Norris went up the creek without a paddle... or a canoe
When Chuck Norris was in school, he would place his teachers in detention
Chuck Norris can close a soda can!
Chuck Norris is slowly killing Nicholas Sparks.
Death came for Chuck Norris, but Chuck didn't want to go, so he round-house kicked Death and now they play poker every other Thursday
Chuck Norris gave the birth to Chaos in greek mythology.
Bigfoot has a grainy video of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was mauled by a bear once, he still has the rug to prove it!
Stephen King gets scared when he reads Chuck Norris books
"Who is Chuck Norris?" is an acceptable answer to all Jeopardy questions.
Chuck Norris invented his own brand of media disc. The Black and Blueray.
Chuck Norris’ awesomeness is blinding. 
This one time at band camp... BAM! Chuck Norris. 
Chuck Norris, featuring the Expendables.
Chuck Norris had a part in the movie Titanic.....he was the iceberg.
Chuck Norris once sued the Houghton-Mifflin textbook company when it became apparent that their account of the war of 1812 was plagiarized from his autobiography.
Operation is a game based of a murder Chuck Norris has done in the past, the peices are actual things Chuck killed the man with.
Chuck Norris is latin for the bringer of death
Time and tide wait for no man.....except for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is the only man alive who can bend Uri Geller without use of physical power
Death didn't  come for Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris came for Death
Chuck Norris doesn't break bricks.  They fold under pressure. 
Chuck Norris knows John and Jane Doe.
Chuck Norris can write a song on the air guitar.
chuck norris is undefeated in a russian roulette game with a fully loaded pistal and he always goes first.
The Sun is Chuck Norris' camp fire
If Chuck Norris wants skittles, he round house kicks a rainbow. That's how the slogan got started.
Iran reveals a plan to test its first Chuck Norris within a week. 
Chuck Norris' mom has a tattoo that says "Son".
Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open.
Chuck Norris can split an atom with a chainsaw
First came space...then came time...then Chuck Norris...naaah im just kidding....Chuck Norris came first
Chuck Norris doesn't have windows in his house... Chuck Norris already knows what's going on outside
Obama is the president of America...But Chuck Norris is the president of Obama
People thought David Copperfield couldn't disappear. They then remembered that he shook Chuck Norris' hand.
If Miss Philippines, Maria Venus Raj, answered "Chuck Norris" at the last question, she would have won Miss Universe... forever. 
CHUCK NORRIS is the reason ET went home
The PowerPuff Girls are actually the product of Chuck Norris touching a rag doll.
Chuck Norris got a yahoo through hotmail
Chuck Norris can drink water from an empty bottle.
The Old Spice guy is still alive because Chuck Norris has yet to see any of his commercials.
Chuck Norris was simultaneously attacked by 40 sharks, he went back home with 40 dolphins.
Chuck Norris does origami with dried concrete
Chuck Norris found the end of Space
Chuck Norris plays frisbee golf with a paper plate
Chuck Norris can score a 181 on a game of darts.
It's Offical, Chuck Norris caught all the Pokemon before Ash did.
When fighting, Chuck Norris uses a gun as a handicap
Chuck Norris uses aircraft carriers as fishing boats, and Bin Laden as bait
The snooze button on Chuck Norris' alarm sets back time two hours
If you spell Chuck noris's name wrong he will find you and kil....
Chuck Norris can pass a vision test easy... with his eyes closed.
If you gave Chuck Norris a typewriter and 0.00000000000000000001th of a second he can write the Complete Works of Shakespeare.
Paul Revere shouted "Chuck Norris is coming!"
Chuck Norris has a small fish tank consisting of a blue whale, a great white shark and even an elephant.
Chuck Norris doesn't mow the lawn. He goes outside and dares the grass to grow.
Right after Optimus Prime defeated Megatron, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Optimus Prime in the mouth and his head fell off
When raining, Chuck Norris doesn't need an umbrella , he can dodge the rain drops.
Chuck Norris once appeared on celebrity wipeout. They had to end the season after he destroyed the sucker-punch wall with his chin!
Chuck Norris is the reason Pluto is no longer a planet.
Chuck Norris doesn't shave because there is nothing known to man that is hard enough to cut through his beard.
Chuck Norris was never in the Air Force - he was the Air Force.
Chuck Norris is never surrounded, he is attacking in all directions!
chuck norris CAN breath with no air.
North Korea actually did launch a nuclear missile at America. To their surprise, it was mysteriously roundhouse kicked out of the sky. 
Others say Americans have no culture. That's not true! We have Chuck Norris!
There are no comets. Only people that Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked so hard that they are now in permanent orbit in our solar system. 
Every July, sharks watch Chuck Norris week.
Chuck Norris' list of fears:
Chuck Norris can hurry love.
Chuck Norris auditioned for the part of Captain Ahab, but was passed over when Moby Dick refused to work and swam off the set. 
The only time Chuck Norris has ever faced a worthy opponent is when he looked at himself in the mirror.
Chuck Norris can breath out with his nose and breath in with his mouth at the same time.
Cyclones aren't caused by lower atmospheric pressure. It's one of the after effects from Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks.
The song "Protect Ya Neck" by the Wu-Tang Clan was actually a subliminal warning to help a person avoid Chuck Norris from snapping it.
Einstein said you can't move at the speed of light. Obviously he was never kicked by Chuck Norris...
Chuck Norris can bend objects without even looking at them.
Chuck Norris has been elected twice MVP of the Soccer World Cup without any participation.
When the Wright Brothers made their first flight in 1903, Chuck Norris flew to Kitty Hawk in his jet plane to congratulate them.
Chuck Norris was once stabbed by a knife, the knife bled to death.
Chuck Norris can break the bones of ghosts
Chuck Norris commented 4 months ago on a YouTube video that was made yesterday
Chuck Norris keeps his friends close and his enemies closer. Close enough to drop them with one round house kick to the face.
Chuck Norris wrote half of "War and Peace" in a day. Guess which half.
Chuck Norris made a haunted house pack up and leave.
Chuck Norris doesn't T-bag people, he potato sacks them.
Chuck Norris doesn't shave because there is nothing known to man that is hard enough to cut through his beard.
Sharks have a week dedicated to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris goes deep sea fishing without a boat
When you throw an apple, it comes back down. When you throw a Chuck Norris, you get roundhouse kicked.
When Chuck Norris put his hand over a magnet, the magnet comes to him out of pure fear.
If Chuck Norris was in Bethlehem, he would have found room at the inn.
Once when Chuck Norris was stranded in the wilderness, animals came to him to be eaten
Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. A bird in Chuck Norris' beard has achieved sainthood.
Chuck Norris can watch Blu Rays on a VCR.
Chuck Norris doesn't wear a wristwatch.  He always knows when it's time to kick some ass.
Chuck Norris played through the fire and flames in expert 100%, and drums and guitar at the same time
Chuck Norris made wearing gold plated diapers fashionable.
The reason that Elvis had left the building was because Chuck Norris had just entered it.
There is in fact an "I" in Norris, but there is no "team"… not even close.
There is no such place as hell, just Chuck Norris' house
Chuck Norris plays Farmville too, it's called the midwest. Other countries send him resources when he requests. We know it as trade.
Willis was talking about Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once went boxing, he wiped ass so badly they had to replace  boxers with actors.
Chuck norris IS the gap. so MIND IT!
When you ask Chuck Norris for directions, he'll give you a roundhouse-kick to the face and you'll land exactly where you need to be.
Every time Chuck Norris laughs, a fairy dies.
Infinity ends when it meets Chuck Norris
The IRS pays taxes to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can drive a solar-powered car at night.
If you put Chuck Norris as your profile picture on facebook thousands of supermodels will friend you each day
The burning bush that Moses spoke of was actually Chuck Norris's beard!
What is the chief export of Chuck Norris?  Answer: Pain
Where's Waldo?  We've got to find him before Chuck Norris d-- to late!
Chuck Norris once made a joke, unfortunately everyone around him died of laughter!
Gordon Brown can't save the world, only Chuck Norris can save the world.
Fallout shelters were once the best way to block nuclear radiation. Then Chuck Norris was born.
The only reason Michael Buble is alive is because Chuck Norris just hasn't met him yet
Chuck Norris can find negative square roots.
Chuck Norris doesn't eat honey. He chews bees...
MacGyver's contraptions can never be duplicated because he had a secret ingredient -- one Chuck Norris hair.
Children are warned not to run with scissors.  Scissors are warned not to run with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was siting home alone one day when he decided to create 2 new elements: Chucknium and Norisium, when combind they form the roundhousekick
Chuck Norris doesn't lose a fight, he allows his opponent to win!
Many try to learn to fly with birds, was Chuck Norris, who taught them.
Chuck Norris once gave some old belt buckles to some teenagers. They are now known as the Mighty Morphin Power Rangers
Superman got his powers when Chuck Norris sneezed on him
Chuck Norris is the only one who can divide ZERO to ZERO!!
Chuck Norris grates cheese with his abs.
Chuck was hit by a car once, the car was in critical condition.
You won't find knives or cutting boards in Chuck Norris' kitchen...only chopping boards.
Chuck Norris doesn't not have a gun he just shoots bullets out of the side of his mouth where he stores his ammuntion
Chuck Norris once kicked a pig, now its called a foot ball
Chuck Norris is the real Slim Shady
Chuck Norris can clean the earwax out of his ears with his elbows.
Chuck Norris can text using a rotary phone
Chuck Norris can watch MTV without dying from the inside.
What do you spell if you rearrange the letters in Chuck Norris's name. Nothing, because you can't mess with Chuck Norris. 
Disabled parking does not mean you park there if you are disabled, but if you park there Chuck Norris will break your legs.
Chuck Norris once killed a man for living. 
Old Faithful is Chuck Norris' drainpipe
When Chuck Norris plays guitar, he doesn't turn it up to 11...he turns it up to 9000! And his guitar is a real axe.
Chuck Norris corrects spell check
Chuck norris invented testosterone.
The Grinch steals Christmas from Santa, Chuck Norris steals Christmas from the Grinch
Yahoo Company's mail adress is yahoo@chuck.norris
Chuck Norris' favorte joke is "laugh", yours is too or he will roundhouse-kick you to an alternate universe.
Chuck Norris served in the Air Force, after Osan, the Air Force served Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris invented the gym.
Chuck Norris is the origin of fear. 
If you can read this t-shirt, you're standing too close to Chuck Norris. 
Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in.
Chuck Norris gave birth to himself.
Chuck Norris made Ronald McDonald the Joker
Chuck Norris can bruise the air.
Chuck Norris doesn’t use jumper cables to charge a car battery; he just uses the ignition. 
Facebook wants to add Chuck Norris as a Friend.
Chuck Norris once made a bet with Superman, the loser had to wear his underwear on the outside.
Chuck Norris flew over the Bermuda Triangle and it disappeared!
Chuck Norris went to a Killers concert and was disappointed that everyone was allowed to live
Chuck Norris can blow smoke rings, but also smoke squares. Actually he can also blow your face.
Chuck Norris can catch a chopstick with two flies.
When the president pushes the big red button Chuck Norris's cell phone rings
Chuck Norris can bury a soul.
Chuck Norris has been known to split hairs.
Chuck Norris does not have to answer the phone. His beard picks up the incoming electrical impulses and translates them into audible sound.
Chuck Norris once watched an appisode of SEINFELD on the radio.
Thrills seek Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can jump out of a bottomless pit.
There is an order to the universe. Space, time, Chuck Norris. Just kidding, Chuck Norris comes first.
Chuck Norris can tell time on a compass.
There is no global warming, it is just the earth's fear of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris has never looked a baby in the eyes cause it might him cry but if he does it also makes him want to punch a baby.
Flying is scared of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn't need to walk, he tells the universe to get him where ever the hell he wants to go and it gets him there.
Chuck Norris watches the five o'clock news at noon.
When Chuck Norris plays guitar, he doesn't turn it up to 11...he turns it up to 9000! And his guitar is a real axe.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Vampires only came out at night...until he put them in coffins!
Chuck Norris protects a bulletproof vest
When Chuck was a baby his diaper's were placed in a container labelled 'Hazardous waste'
CHUCK NORRIS CAN BEAT MANNY PACQUIAO
If you flip over china it says made by Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris does not have tattoos, he puts the real thing on his skin
Chuck Norris reads Hebrew from left to right.
Chuck Norris didn't sign the Declaration of Idependence because he wanted the British to think they had chance.
Chuck Norris can solve a paradox.
The active ingredient in NyQuil is actually the derivitive of one Chuck Norris' roundhouse kicks, hence the coma enduced after taking it.
Chuck Norris can break a snakes legs
Chuck Norris can un-ring a bell.
I saw Chuck Norris' t-shirt, i was scared to death.
Chuck Norris took a nap. The result was the Great Depression.
Chuck Norris never has to catch his breath. His breath has to catch him.
Chuck Norris writes on pencils with paper
Chuck Norris doesn't need to impress the crowd, they just say WOW!
Chuck Norris once did meditation, while swimming in a volcano
Chuck Norris was given a soda can and a Fisher Price computer, he developed the B2 Stealth Bomber.
Chuck Norris wrote the sequel to the movie "Happy Feet,"  which is called "Angry Feet." The plot is he roundhouse kicks every penguin into space.
Flattering Chuck Norris is impossible.
If you came across Chuck Norris yesterday..you shouldn't be alive today!
Chuck's slogan; Veni Vidi Kicki... "I came, I saw, I round-housed."
Chuck Norris called me maybe.
Chuck Norris once spelled the entire alphabet using only M&Ms.
Chuck Norris once ate a whole cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.
What is a dragon? a combination of Chuck norris and a T-Rex. Chuck Norris breathes fire and can fly,a T-rex has small arms 
Chuck Norris was hot in the cold war.
Chuck Norris can play Bach's 9th Symphony with a triangle.
Chuck Norris can push open doors that say "pull"
The party starts - and ends - when Chuck Norris arrives.
A picture is worth a thousand words. A Chuck Norris is worth 1 billion words.
When Chuck Norris visits Africa, the animals are required to stay in their cars.
Chuck Norris got his drivers license at the age of 16. Seconds.
Somebody once said "Chuck Norris isn't all he's cracked up to be". He was later found dead with the initials CN written on his back in bruises. 
Scientists say dinosaurs are extinct due to a comet. Others say Chuck Norris wanted to test his roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris has no need to walk. The universe simply moves around him.
Chuck Norris isn't a man, Man is a Chuck Norris.
Osama Bin Laden went into hiding because of Chuck Norris 
Chuck Norris once ran a low fever. This is commonly known as Global Warming
Maybe life on other galaxies exist, but in our galaxy no, because Chuck Norris' mother told him not to go very far from home.
Chuck Norris already found the "X" on the map.
Chuck Norris can choke you with a cordless phone.
Chuck Norris can photobomb his own selfie.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a heart - He has a V8...
Chuck Norris once met Santa and asked him if he deserved a present for Norris day.
Chuck Norris can freeze water with a flamethrower.
Chuck Norris tears were found to be artificial
Only Chuck Norris can travel faster then the speed of light... when he's walking
Chuck Norris watches the news with his eyes closed.
Soap is scared of getting Chuck Norris in it's eyes.
Chuck Norris knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a tootsie pop. -GrAvE
When Chuck Norris jumps, gravity pulls a muscle.
Chuck Norris can see everything in Louvre by lunch. Twice.
A spider will abandon it's web if chuck norris got caught in it
Siri flirts with Chuck Norris every once in a while.
What kind of scar does a roundhouse kick from Norris leave? No one knows, the bodies of the victims were never found
Chuck Norris Puts His Socks On After He Puts on His Shoes
You never bring a knife to a gun fight... And you never bring a gun to a Chuck Norris fight.
There are only 2 types of people in the world: Those who understand Chuck Norris and those who don't
Obama voted for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is the reason Satan hasn't invaded earth yet
A man once asked Chuck Norris if his real name is "Charles". Chuck Norris did not respond, he simply stared at him until he exploded.
Chuck Norris takes his temperature using a Geiger counter.
Chuck Norris doesn't get bad luck by black cats, black cats get bad luck by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris CAN keep up with the Joneses
Chuck Norris has more testosterone than Lady Gaga.
When does Chuck Norris run out of shotgun bullets?.....whenever he wants to.
Santa Claus leaves milk and cookies out for Chuck Norris.
The Force cannot hurt Chuck Norris.  Instead, it bends to his will.
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick people with his fists
Chuck Norris doesn't eat food, the food goes into Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can't finish a "color by numbers" because his markers are filled with the blood of his victims. Unfortunately, all blood is dark red.
Did you know? Chuck norris can hold his breath. In space 
Comofluash was the only creation people thought of to hide from Chuck Norris. . . it still failed horribly.
Chuck Norris can sneeze and cough silently
The only mark ever made on Chuck Norris is his birth mark.
Surgeons once attempted to clone Chuck Norris and give the clone a sex change.  Jean Claude Van Damme was as clos as they could get!
Chuck Norris can eat soup with chopsticks.
Where did Big foot go? Chuck Norris's beard
Alpha was originally going to call Chuck to be the only Power Ranger, unfortunately he had to settle for 5 teenagers
Chuck Norris' blood type is AK-47.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked the football and it scored twice!! 
Do you know why every villain allways tells his evil plot to the hero, it's because Chuck Norris said so or he will roundhouse kick them.
Chuck Norris sank the Titanic on a late afternoon swim.
Chuck Norris never needs to Google, Google Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris donated a drop of blood to a dying vampire, his name was Dracula
I drafted Chuck Norris to my fantasy team, he now has 10 Lombardi trophies.
Chuck Norris eats Habanero Chillies for dessert.
Chuck Norris once had nothing to round house kick. He  then made the universe so that there would never be a problem again
Chuck Norris once dug a hole with a spoon. It's now known as the Grand Canyon
Chuck Norris ran in Nascar and came in 1st place. Then again, Chuck Norris wins everything.... even if he isn't playing.
Chuck Norris can kick a field goal farther than you. 
I beat up Chuck Norris, You should have seen what I did to his fist with my face.
Chuck Norris doesn't climb trees, the trees just bow down in fear
Chuck Norris knows he could catch a bullet with his teeth. He just cant find someone to point a gun at him
Chuck Norris never kills...with one roundhouse kick his opponent simply ceases to exist.
The Mississippi River was once called the Chuck Norris River. Nobody crossed it. 
Chuck Norris played Rock Paper and Scissors in front of a mirror and won.
Good. Better. Best. Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can light a fire by snapping his fingers
Moses did not part the Red Sea, Chuck Norris did it from the other side
Scientists have proven that the Mt St Helens explosion happened after Chuck Norris sneezed
Chuck Norris likes his meat so rare, he only eats Unicorns.
Chuck Norris has never taken a test, because no one questions Chuck Norris.
The KRAKEN releases Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is always suspicious of Conservation Trusts!
Chuck Norris is an eleven on the Mohs scale.
Chuck Norris once punched into the earth, that is now known as The Mariana Trench.
Brock Lesnar vs Chuck Norris? CHUCK NORRIS. 
When Chuck Norris goes to jail on Monopoly, he does pass Go and collect $200.
There's a medical term for those who willingly defy Chuck Norris....organ donors.
Albert Einstein Once tried to figure out what Chuck Norris' Origins are, Chuck Norris found out, Albert Einstein is now known as Stephen Hawking
Chuck Norris is the reason Mario started shrooms.
Chuck Norris can eat Chinese food with one chopstick.
The universe expands because the stars believe this way will be safer from Chuck Norris
When a vampire bites Chuck Norris, it turns dead.
Chuck Norris' saliva is also know by its trade name- Tabasco
Chuck Norris is so tough that water in his shower is flowing upwards!
The four corners of the Earth are all in Chuck Norris' back yard
Chuck's enemies list him as their emergency contact number
Chuk Norris can actually understand a woman's mind.
The sheep on Chuck Norris' farm are the ones that give us steel wool.
Chuck Norris can fire a pistol, as if it was light machine gun...
In a secret wrestling match, Chuck Norris made the Terminator tap out in the ring.
Santa has three lists..... Good, Bad, and Anything Chuck Norris wants.
When someone snoozes, they lose. When Chuck Norris snoozes, he wins.
When Chuck Norris watches a chick flick it is considered manly
Godzilla started attacking Texas so Chuck Norris attacked Tokyo.
Chuck Norris runs so fast, he ran around the world and punched himself at the back of his head
the Jedi Knights from Star Wars actually worshipped Chuck Norris, referring to him as ' the force' 
Leonardo DiCaprio had to ask permission from Chuck Norris to say the famous line "I'm the king of the world"
If Chuck Norris is after you, don't bother killing yourself, he'll pull you down from heaven and kill you again
The Dos Equis guy is not exploring the world. He's hiding from Chuck Norris!
2 > 1 ... unless that 1 is Chuck Norris. 
Chuck Norris puts the "Awe" in Awesome.
If Chuck Norris can't do it.... nobody else can.
How many times did Chuck Norris count to a thousand you ask?? OVER 9000!!!!!!
Legend says that if you gather 7 predator skulls, you can summon Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris pours a bowl of Rice Krispies, they shut the hell up!
There are actually 5 natural elements.  Earth, Water, Wind, Fire and Chuck Norris!
You can lead a horse to water, but Chuck Norris can make it drink.
One thing what is true is that, you can't invent even a one thing what Chuck Norris can't do.
Chuck Norris found the hay in the needle stack.
Chuck Norris actually went to Rome by all roads. At the same time.
Chuck never auditioned for Walker Texas Ranger,  a camera crew turned up at his house and secretly filmed him.
Chuck Norris can make a hole in the sun with a snowball
When Chuck Norris is in the same room as a chess board, his name becomes 'Bobby Fischer'.
He opens the door then turns the handle.
Chuck recently shaved his beard....where did it go? Donald Trump's head
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade. Chuck took a lemon, plugged BP's well in his dreams. BP claims the fix. Tony Hayward hasn't been seen since.
Chuck Norris needs no water, air or food. He just likes to hold them prisoner in his body.
Chuck Norris defined division by zero
Once in second grade, Chuck Norris was hit with a dogeball, the kid who hit him immediatly died from roundhouse force trauma to the head. 
You know when you've been Chuck Norris'd
If Chuck Norris were to ever run out of ammo, his weapon would continue to fire out of fear of disappointing Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris didn't survive the first night in Minecraft, the first night survived Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn't listen to what you say, he decides what you say for you. 
When Chuck Norris was born he used his umbilical cord as a jump rope.
Chuck Norris can braid a bald head
The lottery won Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris wasn't born he was forged
When you look at a picture of Chuck Norris online, he can see you too...and he's waiting for you to apologize.
Chuck Norris will never die, but get bored of us and leave.
Chuck Norris is the funniest man in the world. Too bad everyone in the world is too scared to laugh at his jokes.
Chuck Norris answered the telephone....at your house.
In "ring around the rosie", Chuck Norris does not fall down.
Chuck Norris does not like it when people read his shirt.
When asked to hi5 a person, Chuck Norris actually gives a hi5... With a roundhouse kick in the head.
Droid does, but Chuck Norris already did
Chuck Norris tripped on a rock, and it became mount Everest.
Chuck Norris doesn't just see the future, fate calls him to ask permission first.
Chuck Norris doesn't wash his hands to get the germs out. The germs just ran away scared.
Chuck Norris can make Shake n Bake with no help.
Chuck Norris can kill the entire human race in one second with a toothpick, while fighting Godzilla and Superman, at the same time. 
The headless horseman lost his head when Chuck Norris round house kicked him
Chuck Norris bats 1000 while playing hockey.
When life hands Chuck Norris lemons, he makes orange juice.
Chuck killed the Grim Reaper for trying to tell him he's dead.
Chuck Norris on a pogo stick presents a danger to low flying aircraft.
After everything Chuck Norris has done he decided that it was enough. So he buried himself and died, but then one day he came back and said, "Heavens"
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris invented electricity, the Theory of Relativity, and the Roundhouse kick.
Picasso never made any paintings,Chuck Norris just roundhouse kicked people in the face and took pictures afterwards.
Chuck Norris gets straight A without attempting the exam.
Chuck Norris won the Amazing Race in less than a day and without a partner
Chuck Norris didn't survive the first night in Minecraft, the first night survived Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can set water on fire. He can also set fire on water...
What does Godzilla, Satan and the Kraken have in common? They all have restraining orders against Chuck Norris.
The Bermuda Triangle gets lost in Chuck Noris's beard.  
Chuck Norris can make the Genie grant wishes without any limit.
Dreams about Chuck Norris are in 4D.
If Chuck Norris wants it to be ebb, he simply says that.
Cuck Norris can square dance in circles.
Chuck Norris is the eighth wonder of the world.
Chuck Norris has a belt in Karate in a colour only he can see.
Adobe uses Chuck Norris photos to improve Photoshop
Bigfoot believes in Chuck Norris
When Life gives you lemons you shout "WHAT THE HELL??" and throw some right back. When Chuck Norris gives you lemons you eat them and say "Thank You!"
In a court of law, Chuck Norris gets no jury...he has no peers.
Chuck Norris built a glass bottle inside a model ship.
Every time Chuck Norris tip toes, the force of each step causes volcanos to erupt.
When Chuck Norris was 8, he said 1+1 was five and he was right 
Remember The Ultimate Warrior? He quit wrestling because Chuck Norris wanted his nickname back.
Chuck Norris Shadow is his sidekick
Chuck Norris NEVER tries, he just does!
Chuck Norris electrocuted the toaster when it fell into his bathtub.
There's strong, there's Army strong, and then there's Chuck Norris strong
When Chuck Norris opens his mouth, you say "yes, please"
When Chuck Norris hit the links recently, they broke.
Professor Xavier got his mutant power because Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the face.
For every star, there is a victim, of Chuck Norris
The sun gets its energy from Chuck Norris.
Be gracious in defeat ... when you meet Chuck Norris be gracious and live. 
Chuck Norris fights acne, and wins.
I fear five things in this world, and Chuck Norris is six of them. 
Chuck Norris is the reason why the Myans stopped working on their callender!
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany.
On June 25th 2009 Chuck Norris decided to not buy any more Music Mad by Michael Jackson...
Chuck Norris demands a 29th day of February every 4 years.  We call this leap year. It's true name is leapspinkick year!
There was supposed to be a second Chuck Norris in this universe but the universe coudn't handle more then one Chuck.
Chuck Norris CAN teach an old dog new tricks. Actually he can teach a DEAD dog new tricks.
In the song "Club Can't Handle Me" it means Chuck Norris started dancing.
A man once touched Chuck Norris's beard.  That man immediatly ceased to exist.
Chuck Norris once started a non-profit business. He was a billionaire by the end of week.
E equals M C squared equals Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris didnt climb Mt.Everest.Mt.Everest climbed Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is so tough that water in his shower is flowing upwards!
Water can't breath under Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is why some animals are knocturnal. 
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick a log into a dining room set.
Chuck Norris can see himself sleeping...
The reason Tom Cruise runs in all his movies is because he's running the hell away from Chuck Norris.
In Chuck Norris' wallet, he keeps a photograph, of his wallet
When everyone else can't, Chuck Norris CAN.
Chuck Norris got a hole in one...with 2 darts.
When Chuck Norris visits New Hampshire he niether Lives Free nor Dies
When Chuck Norris uses the white crayon, colors appear.
When Chuck Norris saw Rocky, both Rocky and Apollo Creed lost the fight to none other than Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris wouldn't need a bigger boat 
Chuck Norris is the reason we have petrified wood
Not even Chuck Norris can defend Chuck Norris from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't diet, the calories burn themselves out of fear!
Every time Babe Ruth pointed with his bat, he was pointing to Chuck Norris.
Chuk Norris was only twice angry, and those times are known as WWI and WWII.
Chuck Norris respects the law, that's why his fists, elbows, feet, legs, knees and beard are all properly registered with the ATF. 
Chuck Norris showers with bleach and steel wool.
Chuck Norris donates blood. Yours.
In Radiant Spirits, Solari's body temprature is 120 degrees. Chuck Norris's body temprature is about 151 degrees
We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't run out of bullets, bullets run out of Norrises
When challenged by Paul Bunyan to a logging contest, Chuck Norris showed his sportsmanship by leaving Paul a sapling in the now-deforested field.
Chuck Norris once went to court for a crime, the judge pleaded guilty. 
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris is also invisible; light simply won't dare reflect on him.
When someone shoots at Chuck Norris, the bullet stops in midair, turns around, and proceeds to strike the fool who shot at Chuck Norris.
Books used to be scribbles, then Chuck Norris and his awesomeness came.
Dee Snyder of the band Twisted sister has decided he would have to "take" whatever CN dished out.
Chuck Norris is like a dog, not only because he can smell fear, but because he can piss on whatever he wants. 
What's faster, the speed of light or the speed of Chuck Norris? Stupid question.
Burger King says "Have It Your Way". Chuck disagrees. It's his way or a roundhouse kick to the face!
When Chuck watches, the paint dries instantly.
Every hurricane is a Chuck Norris roundhouse-kick gone horribly right
Chuck Norris doesn't have nerves of steel. Steel is nervous about Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris swims in hot lava
Chuck Norris spends his spare time solving the Theory of   Everything.
Some people like to eat frogs' legs. Chuck Norris likes to eat lizard legs. Hence, snakes.
Facebook wants to add Chuck Norris as a Friend.
Chuck Norris doesn't use a remote, he just tells the tv to change channels.
Chuck Norris is not wearing a cowboy hat. It's actually a compartment for 2 extra brains.
Chuck Norris can win a rap battle without rhyming.
Heights are afraid of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' Mother has a heart tattoo that reads 'Chuck Norris'
Chuck Norris wears other peoples' hearts on his sleeve.
Chuck Norris was supposed to be in the movie Halloween but the director thought it would be kind of stupid for Michael Meyers to stab himself in fear.
If Chuck Norris misses a roundhouse-kick, you will still die.
Superman changed his name to Wonder Woman after serving in prison with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once threw a hand grenade and killed 50 people.......then it exploded
It is widely believed that the closest we will ever get to seeing Chuck Norris's true form is the Balrog in The Lord of the Rings.
If Chuck Norris wants skittles, he round house kicks a rainbow. That's how the slogan got started.
In America Chuck Norris is Badass, in Soviet Russia Badass is Chuck Norris
Steel doesn't cut through Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris cuts through anything
In August 1945 Chuck Norris drank a can of Red Bull and jumped out of a plane over Japan for image results search Hiroshima.
Elm Street had a nightmare on Chuck Norris.
Death Valley wasn't named that because of its heat, it was named Death Valley because Chuck Norris has a summer home there.
Chuck Norris doesn't need money he gets everything for free
Chuck Norris can make an omelette without breaking any eggs.
There's no such thing as natural selection, just a list of animals that he allows to live.
When Chuck Norris wakes up in the morning he turns on his lamp (the sun)
Cujo rolls over and shows his belly in submission when he sees CN.
Chuck Norris doesn't look both ways before he crosses the street... he just roundhouses any cars that get too close.
Being awsome.............its what Chuck Norris does.
Chuck Norris never had a kickstand on his bicycle as a kid...anything he kicks never stands again
Chuck Norris can type 100 words per minute, with boxing gloves on.
Chuck Norris can kill you just by looking at you.
Chuck Norris's jeans are so tight to prevent excess oxygen from reaching his legs and causing involuntary Roundhouse Kicks.
"Nobody messes with Chuck Norris". These are words etched in every tombstone in a cemetary.
The cable guy arrives at Chuck Norris' house at 11am. Exactly at 11am.
Chuck Norris does not have tattoos, he puts the real thing on his skin
Chuck Norris catches cat naps while he blinks.
Those are not credits that role at the end of Walker Texas Ranger, those are in fact fatalities that happened during filming
Chuck Norris is NASA's plan B. If a rocket fails to launch, they turn to him to kick it into space.
Drones are afraid of Chuck Norris strikes
Chuck Norris does not own a toothbrush, plaque is scared of Chuck
The fact that the evil killer doll from the movie 'Child's play' is named 'Chucky' is not a coincidence.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the sheriff, as well as he did to the deputy. He also swore it wasn't in selfdefence.
Chuck Norris doesn't go swimming, the water just wants to be around him
Scientists believe the world began with the "Big Bang". Chuck Norris shrugs it off as a "bad case of gas".
When Chuck Norris eats Frosted Flakes, it doesn't bring out the tiger - it brings out the beast.
Chuck Norris can lick his elbow.
Chuck Norris is Freddy Krugers nightmare
Chuck Norris multiplied by zero still equals Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.
The Earth was almost destroyed by a 50 km wide asteroid in 1984, but Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked it into the Sun.
Bruce Lee killed Chuck Norris in Way of the Dragon, Chuck Norris killed Bruce Lee in the way of his door.
Chuck Norris beat-boxed on stage in Vienna
Chuck Norris does not get parking tickets; he gets "thank you for parking anywhere" notes.
All your base are belong to Chuck Norris.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris starred in the Final Destination series - As the role of death.
When E.F. Hutton talks, people listen.  When Chuck Norris talks, people die from fear.
Mr. T once beat Chuck Norris in a game of checkers. In retaliation Chuck Norris created racism.
When you were a newborn baby, Chuck Norris determined what your name was.
Chuck Norris can form a straight circle
Waves occur in the ocean because Chuck Norris is out there swimming.
Chuck Norris scores own goal and it counts for it's team.
Chuck Norris sets up cut-aways about Peter Griffin
Crop circles are Chuck Norris' way of telling the world that sometimes corn needs to lie down.
The little old lady that asked, "Where's the beef?" obviously hasn't seen Chuck Norris naked.
There will no longer be Mixed Martial Arts; Chuck Norris sorted them all out.
Jell-O doesn't jiggle. It shakes out of fear from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can make intersect the two parallel lines!!
Super massive black holes are caused by Chuck Norris roundhouse kicking galaxies
What's Chuck Norris' Favorite Number?....................CHUCK NORRIS
Chuck Norris listens to silent films
Micheal Jackson turned pale when he saw Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can look at you in a tone of voice.
Chuck Norris won a round of blackjack, with one card.
Chuck Norris could never be himself in a superhero movie. It would be too unreal.
Chuck Norris operates a school to teach tigers how to move silently through the jungle at night.
Chuck Norris can drown fish. 
Chuck Norris does not go fishing, the fish surrender.
The name's Norris...Chuck Norris. Bad Guys: "We surrender".....End Of Movie
Not even Houdini can escape from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris once played Jenga.the resault was the empire state building
Chuck Norris can punch you in the back of your face.
Chuck Norris is an island.
Chuck Norris uses rattlesnakes for shoe laces.
Chuck Norris can win scrabble with dice.
Before crossing a bridge, troll checks under it for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
Chuck Norris once cannon balled into a pool, the result of this was the Grand Canyon
If The Statue of Liberty were an amusement park, Chuck Norris would spend all day INSIDE her.
It is believed dinosaurs are extinct due to a giant meteor. That's true if you want to call Chuck Norris a giant meteor.
Physically being close to Chuck Norris is living life on the edge
Pathetic, nobody can fly, but Chuck Norris can stop gravity.
Chuck Norris has a stunt double for his crying scenes
Egyptians walk like a Chuck Norris 
Chuck Norris Made Wilhelm scream...
Chuck Norris walks in a drive-thru
Chuck Norris once lost a fight... then he woke up.
Chuck Norris has an Iphone 6 made of real eyes
Chuck Norris once came in 1st place in the Daytona 500...on foot.
Further global progress is now possible only through a quest for universal consensus in the movement towards Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can get Chick-Fil-A on Sundays.
Chuck Norris's round house kick breaks the sound barrier and makes you go deaf when it hits you
Chuck Norris kicked the stripes off a tiger, onto a white horse. That's why we have zebras. 
Chuck Norris can fit a square peg in a round hole.
Bigfoot makes plaster casts of Chuck Norris' footprints
When Chuck Norris installed World of Warcraft, Blizzard got an achievement.
Chuck has Windows 7 on his GBA.
Chuck Norris is the father of all WMDs.
The reason Darth Vader wears that mask? A Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. At half speed.
Saddam Hussein Only decided to go down into the hole, After he found out That Delta Force was a true story. And such a man DOES exist !
Chuck Norris never goes food-shopping. Food comes to him!
Example learns by Chuck Norris.
When the Hulk gets angrier, he becomes Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once threw a ball at the ground and missed.............oh wait, that was Justin Bieber.
Did you know Chuck Norris is a famous inventor? He created pain.
Chuck Norris was born feet first, the docter said "Oh no oh no this is not good!" Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the docter in the face
The Babylonians did not build the tower of Babylon to get closer to God, they built it is an attempt to get away from Chuck Norris. It failed.
Chuck Norris never comes late because time is not stupid enough to correct Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris has a spoon in the Matrix and he kills agents with it.
Chuck Norris can uncompress diamonds back into coal with his bare hands.
Chuck Norris always wins at Jenga, the tower couldn't dare to crumble
Chuck Norris won the Super Bowl by watching it on TV.
You can't win a starring contest with Chuck Norris becuase when you look in to his eyes you see hell starring right back at you.
Chuck Norris was supposed to make a cameo appearence in "Full House" but he was let off because he wanted to rename the show "Roundhouse."
If you stare at the American flag long enough, you will see Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once did meditation, while swimming in a volcano
Many people boast about belching the alphabet. Chuck Norris can belch The Odyssey by Homer.
Contrary to popular beleif, there is one thing faster then the speed of light, Chuck Norris' foot.
Aliens exist ! Flying saucers exist ! Big foot Aswell ! so long as they can keep Chuck entertained!
Chuck Norris got his legs cut off once.He just walked it off.
 Chuck Norris  is one  man on the Earth who can  kill  man whith his **********
The "Big Bang" was actually Chuck Norris' first punch.
Chuck Norris once told his iPhone to man up. The end result was the iPad
Chuck Norris gargles with frag grenades.
Chuck Norris doesn't get put behind bars. Bars get put behind Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once won a game of scrabble with all Q's.
You can't truly know a man until you've walked a mile in his shoes.  Take Chuck Norris' boots and the only thing you'll know is a quick death.
Chuck Norris doesn't put any qualifications or details on his Resumé, he just puts a picture of his Fist on it, gets the job everytime, no interview
Chuck Norris can fluenly speak braile.
When Chuck Norris goes to another country, he doesn't speak their language they speak Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris can knock you out with a sponge
Chuck Norris installed his own home security system. It's called "Chuck Norris."
The show Scared Straight was cancelled due to Chuck Norris sending every child a picture of his face saying "Be good, don't make me find you."
MacGyver's contraptions can never be duplicated because he had a secret ingredient -- one Chuck Norris hair.
When Chuck Norris needs to cool down, he pours liquid nitrogen on his head rather than water.
Chuck Norris won American Idol using only sign language
If you met Chuck Norris in your dreams he would roundhouse kick you back to reality
Chuck Norris CAN count his chickens before they hatch
Overexposure of too much of Chuck Norris by the sun can make IT go blind.
When Chuck Norris gets a burger from IN N OUT he doesn't go IN N OUT he goes OUT N IN
When Chuck Norris' mom is in trouble, she doesn't call 911, she calls him
Chuck Norris runs out of lifetime supplies on a daily basis.
You know they say fate is decided by what you do...welll they are wrong, fate is decided by Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris CAN count his chickens before they hatch
John Wayne's tombstone reads "In loving memory of Chuck Norris."
UPS and Fedex are upset because Chuck Norris delivers...roundhouse kicks
Chuck Norris grinds his coffee with his teeth and boils the water with his own rage.
When Chuck Norris wants an egg, he cracks open a chicken.
Chuck Norris can stand up twice.
Chuck Norris can win a Triathlon while unconscious
Chuck Norris never uses instruments. People dance to his breath.
chuck norris can win a chess game with only one pawn
There's a story among wolves...its called the pup who cried "Chuck Norris."
Chuck Norris has a Mnopoly but no one dares to challenge him because it's a Monopoly on pain.
Chuck Happens!!!
A Chuck Norris fact: The fact is that Chuck Norris is a fact
Chuck Norris can create a rock so heavy that he can't lift it. And then lift it.
Chuck Norris bet Hitlers KDR of 6000000:1 on COD Black Ops
Chuck Norris hits the snooze button so hard, he puts himself in a coma
Chuck Norris doesn't need to breathe, the oxygen comes to him.
Chuck Norris doesn't watch T.V the T.V plays what Chuck Norris wants to see.
Explosions walk away from Chuck Norris in slow motion.
Chuck Norris doesn't make left turns because everything he does is right
Chuck Norris taught a cat to play fetch
There is no bullet proof vests, just t-shirts Chuck Norris used in the gym, and donated to the police. . .
Superman is a fictional character based around Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not need to break an egg to make an omelette.
Chuck Norris once had a bet with the Hulk, the loser had to paint himself green 
Chuck Norris is so cool he doesnt move a mussle to get somewere he makes the universe get of its lazy ass and move itself
Chuck Norris can submit duplicate facts on Chucknorrisfacts.com
Chuck Norris can make a polygraph test lie.  
Chuck Norris can parachute from the ground.
Chuck Norris dosen't take risks risks take Chuck Norris
If you search for Spongebob on Google, you'll only find Chuck Norris
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.
Chuck Norris once killed a man by making a fist.
Unlike a heart, Chuck Norris never stops beating
Chuck Norris drinks his coffee black, cold, 3 days old and with a cigarette crushed in it.
Chuck Norris made Dirty Harry's day.
Chuck Norris can play tennis alone
Chuck Norris doesn't beat around the bush, he beats up the bush.
Chuck Norris will rock you like a hurricane
Chuck Norris protecting the world from Men in Black.
The UN does not negotiate with terrorists, they let Chuck Norris deal with it.
Before crossing a bridge, troll checks under it for Chuck Norris.
Why did Arnold became Governor? Because Chuck Norris told him his movies SUCK!
Chuck Norris dosen't need a hammer to hit the nail. He just need his index finger and press the nail against heavy metal.
If Chuck Norris' beard were an animal, it would undoubtedly have zero natural predators and every living organism would be its natural prey.
Dogs count their age in Chuck Norris years.
When Chuck Norris is suffering, he puts other people out of his misery.
Chuck Norris makes batman want to use a gun.
Chuck Norris eats the inside of his oranges and bananas without opening the peels.
Chuck Norris was to star in Mission:Impossible but they recasted because they would've had to change the name of the movie to Mission:Accomplished
Chuck Norris can drink a beer without even opening the can
chuck norris can solve rubik´s cube in one round kick
the pouch respects Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris has Intel inside 
Chuck Norris once won a Nascar race with a Hot Wheels toy car.
Chuck Norris has never been in a fight, ever. Do you call one roundhouse kick to the face a fight?
Chuck Norris can push open doors that say "pull"
Chuck Norris spreads Jellyfish on his toast.
Chuck Norris begins Call of Duty at eleventh prestige.
Oliver Peck was asked to tattoo Chuck Norris but no tattoo needle could penetrate Chuck Norris' skin.
Food can sober up someone that's drunk.  Nothing can sober up Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris inhales helium, his voice doesn't change.
Chuck Norris's favorite pick-up line: May I push in your stool? No one has ever said no.
Chuck Norris can noodle for catfish in a drinking fountain....
Chuck Norris eats friends fries
Chuck norris doesn't turn on the shower he looks at it untill it crys
Chuck Norris has a lightswitch for the sun.
Chuck Norris keeps his house on a leash, to make sure it doesn't run away.
When Chuck Norris is late, time has to slow down.
Roses are red, violets are blue, those are the colors you'll be, when Chuck Norris round-house kicks you!
Chuck Norris begins Call of Duty at eleventh prestige.
When the casting for Casino Royale began they asked him. But Chuck doesn't like gambling so he roundhouse kicked Daniel Craig to them
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death, he beats it fair and square.
Chuck Norris can leave Hotel California!
The only solution for our economic recovery is Chuck Norris merchandise.
Chuck Norris can finish Mario Bros without using the jump button.
Chuck Norris' GPS always tells him that he's in the right place.
Chuck Norris can fight fire with fists...that are on fire.
Chuck Norris doesn't give presents, he gives roundhouse kicks.
The theory of relativity is relative only to how Chuck Norris interprets it.
Chuch Norris eats one sided pancakes for breakfast
Hiroshima didn't got nuked.. It was just a regular Chuck Norris roundhouse.
Chuck Norris frequently calls 911- just to see if he can help out.
Chuck Norris hates you... cuz you're not Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can fight in a world war alone
Chuck Norris eats coal and shits out diamonds
Nobody is perfect. Chuck Norris is nobody.
Chuck Norris doesn't use Facebook or Twitter... he's already following you.
In 2003, the U.S. bombed Baghdad.  They called the operation Shock and Awe because Chuck and Norris were already taken
How does Chuck Norris spell loser?.........S-t-e-v-e-n S-a-g-a-l.
Chuck Norris hated the Red Sox. The Yankees win because Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks anyone who try to beat them!
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? ...All of it!
Chuck Norris can find a hay in a needle stack
In ancient cultures it was believed that the world was carried by a huge Chuck Norris   
Halo reach stole the idea from Chuck norris 
Uncle Sam is Chuck Norris' alter ego
Chuck Norris can ride a tandem bike on his own
Chuck Norris can literally make a mountain out of a molehill.
The wind of Chuck Norris’s round house kick can be felt from 1600 million miles away.
There was no such thing as a joke, until Chuck Norris invented the punchline.
When Chuck Norris was the manager of my baseball team, he would eject the umpire after a heated argument.
Chuck Norris doesn’t need a weapon. He is one!!!!!!!
Any fact you hear about Chuck Norris is an UNDERexaggeration.
Just wearing a "Chuck Norris Fact" t-shirt would be enough to stop a would-be criminal from robbing you.
Chuck Norris can solve a rubiks cube.......with his beard
Chuck Norris can kickstart a car.
Chuck Norris once ran the Tour de France... and won.
When Chuck Norris asks you a question, there is no answer.
Chuck Norris can win a game of hide-n-seek with his eyes closed.
Chuck Norris can defy all laws of physics exept the ones involving his roundhouse kicks always being fatal.
Chuck Norris never reads the News – because Chuck Norris IS the News
There is no use hiding in the backyard when Chuck Norris visits, he can still kill you from the porch since his kicks are 'roundhouse'.
When God said "Let there be light!", Chuck Norris said "Only for half the﻿ day
All your bases belong to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has never met anyone he couldn't take, mainly because he's never met anyone who could take a Chuck Norris roundhouse to the face.
There's no place like Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is colder than absolute zero.
Chuck Norris showed the Feds videos of him shooting 2pac and Biggie, but there was not enough evidence to convict him
Chuck Norris was born March 10, 1940 just to give mankind a head start.
Chuck Norris can down a 30 pack in one sip. But beers for pussies he only drinks whisky... which he chases with whisky
The Earth was flat until Chuck Norris looked in it's direction...then it rolled up into a ball.
Chuck Norris met the most interesting man in the world.... every morning when he looks in the mirror.
Wonder Woman's magic Lasso is actually one of Chuck Norris' chest hairs
When an unstoppable force meets an imovable object, Chuck ends it all in a cosmic big bang, starting the universe over again.
Chuck Norris was once turned down for American Idol. When Simon was questioned about it, he replied "I'm retiring after this season". I wonder why?
Chuck Norris once drew a two sided triangle.
Chuck Norris can hear stereo with one ear
Chuck Norris can strike lightning.
Chuck Norris beated the last level of Pac-Man by using his roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris can get a discount in a corner shop!!
Chuck Norris can hit a bullseye blindfolded using only his feet
Before crossing a bridge, troll checks under it for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can pick an apple from an orange tree and make the best lemonade you have ever tasted.
Chuck Norris can get a Hydrogen bomb at the Black Ops' main menu. 
A carton of orange juice concentrates on Chuck Norris.
Surgeons once attempted to clone Chuck Norris and give the clone a sex change.  Jean Claude Van Damme was as clos as they could get!
Chuck Norris can play any song he chooses, simply by plucking the hairs on his beard.
The police have new bullet proof vest, it's a T-shirt with Chuck Norris printed on it.
Chuck Norris has a basement in his treehouse
The Beatles are on itunes because Chuck Norris bought a Mac.
Chuck Norris does not let people finish what they start
The band, Survivor, changed the name of the song "Eye of Chuck Norris" to "Eye of the Tiger". Why? NO ONE survives from Chuck Norris....ever.
Chuck Norris kills 99.9% of germs; the other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his beard. 
Chuck Norris shot a man to death with an unloaded nerf gun
Every time Chuck Norris smiles, someone dies. Unless he smiles while he’s roundhouse kicking someone in the face. Then two people die.
The only thing faster than the speed of light is the speed of Chuck Norris' fist
A Klondike Bar will do anything for a Chuck Norris.
The reason plasma guns don't exist is because Chuck Norris hasn't donated plasma
Chuck Norris flies to the North Pole to give Santa his present. 
chuck norris only jumped once because he decided one grand canyon was enough
When you've seen Child's Play, there's no doubt that Chucky is one of the sons of Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can cut scissors with paper
Chuck Norris's beard defies all logic
Harvard graduated from Chuck Norris
Remember the Soviet Union?  They gave up after watching a Chuck Norris marathon on cable.
What time is it when Chuck Norris knocks on your door?...Too late.
Chuck Norris.. what else is there to say?
Chuck Norris doesn't have a TV, He has a mirror instead
Chuck Norris splattered tiger blood and Adonis' dna on Charlie Sheen with 1 roundhouse kick!
Chuck Norris can sing the Star Spangled Banner backwards....in Latin
Chuck Norris can run Grand Theft Auto IV on max settings at 60fps... on his Commodore 64.
When Chuck Norris takes a break of killing people, there will still be victims
Muhammad Ali may float like a butterfly but Chuck Norris stings like a roundhouse kick to the face
The Higgs Boson is only elusive because it's afraid Chuck Norris will punch it again.
Chuck Norris doesn't have hair, just flames.
Before global warming, Chuck Norris did his push-ups at night.
Chuck Norris chose to be born
Chuck Norris' parents didnt adopt him, he adopted his parents
Give Chuck Norris a piece of coal and he'll give you back a diamond.
Chuck Norris can sneeze with his eyes open.
The Big Bang only happened because it got kicked in the face by Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris' beard is visible from space.
Sticks and stones may break your bones, but a Chuck Norris glare will liquefy your kidneys.
Fear of Chuck Norris is also called common sense
If Chuck Norris was a yu-gi-oh card it's effect would be make all monster DEF turn to 0, because there is no such thing as defence from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris wears Roger Federer pj's.
When there is a big lightening, Chuck Norris is talking to Dzeus
A nuclear Explosion is a Chuck Norris's average firecraker
Chuck Norris can do push-ups with his beard.
When Chuck Norris goes to Long John Silver he orders Great White Shark alive because he likes killing it himself
Chuck Norris can walk up a rope
The big bang created us. Chuck Norris created the big bang.
Chuck Norris once punched a tree, and it turned into thousands of logs for firewood.
Chuck Norris is suing Japan, claiming Hiroshima and Nagasaki are the trade marks of his left and right fists.
There are no such things as "facts" or "proof"...just Chuck Norris' personal opinions.
Chuck Norris doesn't use mouthwash, he uses turpentine.
When someone tells Chuck Norris the world doesn't revolve around him, they start floating away.
Chuck Norris chews Ghost Naga peppers instead of tobacco.
Arnold Schwarzenegger was lucky he met the Predator in the forest instead of Chuck Norris
The cookies that Chuck Norris leaves for Santa can roundhouse kick Santa in the face.
Bill Gates founded Microsoft. Chuck Norris founded Macrohard.
Once, Chuck Norris turned on a lightbulb with his beard. this was never explained
Chuck Norris made the Beatles cross Abbey Road.
Some people believe that god controls the weather. This is only logical because if Chuck Norris controlled the weather, we would all be destroyed.
The secret ingredient in the KFC recipe is Chuck Norris' approval.
While visiting out West, Chuck Norris’ sneezing would result in the eventful Dust Bowl. 
Sir Edmund Hilary forgot his camera, but luckily found Chuck Norris' at the summit of Everest.
People say that Vin Diesel is actually a very sensitve man, that's what people will tell about you after seeing Chuck Norris directly to the eyes...
Chuck Norris can jump up and never come down again.
Chuck Norris completed the Tough Guy Challenge by doing nothing.
All wars stopped when Chuck Norris said, "Can I apply for the army?"
When Chuck Norris looks in a mirror, it breaks.  Even a mirror knows not to get between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris kidnaps mobsters, he puts them inside the trunk of his motorcycle.
Chuck Norris keeps his friends close and his enemies closer. Close enough to drop them with one round house kick to the face.
Chuck Norris once replied to a 'no-reply' mail, and got the answer he wanted.
Chuck Norris can put out fire with gasoline.
Chuck Norris is stone cold.      Not Steve Aulston
Britney Spears stopped singing "HIT me baby one more time", because of Chuck Norris, I don't know why
Chuck Norris can kickstart a car.
Chuck Norris can drink an entire gallon of milk in thirty-seven seconds.
Darth Vader dresses up as Chuck Norris for Halloween.
Steel wool was invented when Chuck Norris shaved
Chuck Norris Walks by pretty girls. The Girls go "Daaaayam!!"
An IRS agent had to call Chuck Norris to ask for an extension period.
Chuck Norris found the invisible man
Kevlar was actually invented by weaving Chuck Norris nose hairs together 
Chuck Norris heard Einstein's Theory of Relativity and ruled it irrelivant
When Presidents speak, their nation listens. When Chuck Norris blinks, the whole World listens. 
Near the end of a fight, Chuck Norris decided to throw in the towel. The towel was so forceful, the opponent was knocked out. 
Chuck Norris once decide to get drunk.....this place is now known as ground zero.
You know the Hannah Montana song "Nobody's Perfect" It is currently being sued by Chuck's lawer for false advertisement everyone knows Chuck's perfect
If you cut Chuck Norris in half, there's an angrier, smaller Chuck Norris inside.
There is no "team" in Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once ate an apple pie, and vomited peach cobbler.
Arnold Schwarzenegger once told Chuck Norris to "get down!"...the result was a new movie called 'Terminated'.
Chuck Norris does not need a stove to boil water, he just growls at it.
Chuck Norris can walk through a drive thru.
Chuck Norris decides whether Santa's been naughty or nice!!
Chuck Norris doesn't have parents, he conceived himself.
When Chuck Norris uses the white crayon, colors appear.
Contrary to popular belief, Chuck Norris is also invisible; light simply won't dare reflect on him.
People say he was named after what he did to his uncle Norris when he was an hour old!
Chuck Norris once saved a kitten dangling in a tree...Then ate it...
In the Beginning there was nothing, then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked that nothing and told it to get a life.
Delta Force has been shown in languages that have been dead for thousands of years.
The Reason we haven't found Osama Bin Laden is because Chuck Norris found him first.
Chuck Norris can strike a hitter out in baseball in 2 pitches.
Chuck Norris is so manly his hairs have hairs
Chuck Norris broke the law once.  It still isn’t fixed.
Chuck Norris wins five card draw with six aces.
Beef jerky is the result of cows staring at Chuck Norris too long.
Chuck Norris cuts off parts of his beard and sells it ......... we know this as kevlar
Chuck Norris once punched the ground to stop an earthquake. The resulting aftershock caused the BP oil spill
Chuck Norris could speak backwards for the rest of his life. Although his life doesn't end. 
Chuck norris wrote his own biography. You know it as the Guinness Book of World Records
A contest for the World's Toughest Guy Name was held. "Punch Chestgnaw" came in second.
WHEN VEGEITTA ASKED FOR CHUCK NORRIS'S AGE IT WAS OVER 9000!!!!!!
Chuck Norris doesn't say "Trick or Treat". He says "Trick AND Treat".
Chuck's Facebook page is made of real faces.
Chuck Norris is currently suing any broadway theater that plays "The Nutcracker". He claims its an infringement on his "other" roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris is not allowed within a mile of coal, out of fear that he could sqeeze it into diamonds and completely disrupt our global economy. 
Chuck Norris bit Charlie's finger
Napalm was actually invented in Malaysia, after Chuck Norris had a rough night when he ate some of the local food.
I've got some good news and some bad news. The bad news is Chuck Norris is about to kill you with a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris once won the Indy 500...from Daytona.
Chuck Norris can spell his name using only vowels
Chuck Norris serial killed Dexter.
World Of Warcraft once had Chuck Norris on DotA, but was later deleted due to its extreme awesomeness score.
Wrong MC Hammer; Chuck Norris CAN touch this.
Chuck Norris can guess 20 passwords at the same time.
Chuck Norris has only lost to one man... himself.
Chuck Noris can touch this.
Allstate gets insurance from Chuck Norris, because even Allstate needs to be in good hands.
Chuck Norris sees dark matter.
Chuck Norris is right behind you!                                                 Made you look.
Chuck Norris eats rainbows to taste the Skittles.
Coroners refer to dead people as ABC's: Already Been Chucked.
Chuck Norris was the reason the wheel was invented, people needed a faster way of running away from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris narrated Morgan Freeman's narratives.
Chuck Norris destroyed the earth once. He pulled a new one from his beard to make it better.
Chuck Norris blood is outlawed in professional sports.
Chuck Norris. Enough said.
Chuck Norris flosses with a chainsaw blade.  
Chuck Norris flies to the North Pole to give Santa his present. 
Chuck Norris is cooler than the other side of the pillow.
Stephen King writes a horror book twice a year, Chuck Norris makes a horror 10 times a day.
Chuck Norris was once in a knife fight, and the knife lost.
Chuck Norris once played chicken with a wall.....thus the first door was born.
Chuck Norris can hit a bullseye blindfolded using only his feet
Contrary to popular belief, we do not speak English, we speak Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn't read my facts, since he already knows them.
Every time Satain goes to sleep, He has to pray to God hoping Chuck Norris does't get him at night
Chuck Norris didn't sign the Declaration of Idependence because he wanted the British to think they had chance.
Chuck Norris has made grumpy cat smile on numerous occasions
it has been said that there are weapons of mass destruction in the middle east. This is not true, Chuck Norris lives in Oklahoma.
Achilles broke his heel trying to imitate Chuck Norris' Roundhouse Kick.
Chuck Norris looked at a $50 bill when seeing double. Guess what was on the back
When Chuck Norris walks east, the Earth's rotation slows - when he walks west, it speeds up again.
Chuck Norris uses manhole covers when playing tiddlywinks.
When Chuck Norris jumps from a skyscraper or a tall building the street begins to fly up - to reach him. And be at his feet.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever. Until Chuck Norris crushes it. 
Chuck Norris didn't survive the first night in Minecraft, the first night survived Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can wake up a sleeping bag.
Chuck Norris can lift a bed, he's lying on, while asleep.
Chuck Norris is and can be the only real Transformer 
Bruce Lee was reincarnated as Chuck Norris' beard
The only thing we have to fear is Chuck himself.
A DeLorean can travel through time with 1.21 gigawatts of electricity, which can be substituted with .25 Chuck Norris roundhouse.
Chuck Norris pees Adamantium
Chuck Norris can dry off in a pool.
Iron Man's armor is actually a small layer of Chuck Norris' skin painted red.
Chuck Norris could give you a lashing just by batting an eye!
Chuck Norris is against the harpooning of whales - Chuck Norris only kills whales with his bare hands. 
Chuck Norris' sweat is used to make 40 millimeter grenades
Chuck Norris' pulse-rate is measured on the Richter Scale
Chuck Norris doesn't fall in love; love falls flat 3000 miles away from a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. 
Chuck Norris' favorite color is Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris has one pet. It's name is fear
2PAC once thought he was tougher than Chuck Norris... he was later murdered.
Anywhere Chuck Norris eats, instantly becomes a six star restaurant
It takes 14 puppeteers to make Chuck Norris smile, but only 2 to make him destroy an orphanage.
Chuck Norris doesn't need an alarm clock, the sun rises when he does.
So many people prank called him, he punched someone through the phone.
Only 2 people watch you when you sleep... Santa and Chuck Norris 
In 1945 Chuck Norris drank a Redbull and jumped out a plane. For image results, Google the word Hiroshima.
Big Foot discovered Chuck Norris and hid in the forest.
Chuck Norris is the original Weapon of Mass Destruction.  
Tony Iommi and Chuck Norris went on a "duel" once to determine the fastest on guitar... look what happened to Iommi`s left hand
Chuck Norris powers the Hadron Collider 
Chuck Norris gave birth to the dinosaurs. Too bad they weren't as tough as him.
Chuck Norris once went to practice his golf swing at a driving range .... his golf balls are now known as stars!!!
Chuck Norris is so awesome the words to describe him don't exist.
Chuck Norris found the end of the rainbow.... at night
Chuck Norris didn't join the Texas Rangers - the Texas Rangers joined Chuck Norris
Some say that the Stig only knows two facts about ducks, but all say that the Stig is Chuck Norris' unborn child
Every time Chuck Norris takes a blood test, he gets an A+.
When you google up Chuck Norris, he googles you back for revenge.
Chuck Norris was denied a part in The Expendables because Chuck is in no way shape or form Expendable.
The Golden Gate Bridge is held up by suspension cables made from tightly woven strands of Chuck's beard hair.
Why did they have to take the new "Chuck Norris" toilet paper off the market? Because it was rough and it was tough and wouldn't take crap off anyone!
Chuck Norris once granted a Genie three wishes.
If Google can't find it, Chuck Norris really can
The Total Gym is now non existant. Nothing gets mounted by Chuck Norris and lives to tell the tale.
Scientist now know the cause of solar eclipses: Chuck Norris likes to fight in the shades
All the planet systems in space are at their position not because of gravitation but Chuck Norris said to remain so
Chuck Norris can bake cookies and get cookie dough
Chuck Norris made a drink and went to make some ice. We call this the iceage. 
When it's time for people to die, the Grim Reaper shows up. When its time for the Grim Reaper to die, Chuck Norris shows up.
Since Chuck Norris couldn't spell the alphabet backwards in less than 5 seconds, nobody ever could.
Chuck Norris invented the exclamation point, but has no idea what a question mark is.
When Jeremy Clarkson shouts POWER! on Top Gear, he is describing a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris preys on eagles by coming from above and snatching it with his hands
Scientists have predicted the world will end in 2012, but that's just a guess when Chusk Norris' patience will run out.
Chuck Norris' favorate mode of transport is the CANNON
Chuck Norris started forest fires and blew em out when he yawned
Chuck Norris was offended when they called him an Iceberg, after accidentally crashing into the Titanic while swimming.
All of Chuck Norris' stuntmen famously made a movie of their own. It was called 'The Expendables.'
I am Chuck Norris, and I approve this roundhouse kick.
If Chuck Norris starred in '24" they would have called it "1"
If anyone sees Chuck Norris without his hat they turn to stone.
When Chuck Norris plays Russian roulet the bullet hopes it doesn't hit Chuck Norris
When FDR said "There is nothing to fear , except fear itself." He meant it. "Fear" was Chuck Norris' code name.
If Chuck Norris punched you in the face, you wouldn't be reading this.
Charlie Sheen can achieve recovery by taking a drug called Chuck Norris.
Meteors didn't kill the dinosaurs, Chuck Norris just needed a new pair of boots.
The Matrix once had to take the red pill to escape from Chuck Norris. It failed. Nothing can escape from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was heard in a soundproof room!
Nagasaki never had a bomb dropped on it. Chuck Norris jumped out of a plane and punched the ground.
There is NO last page for Chuck Norris facts.
Chuck norris does not eat honey, he chews bees
If you search Chuck Norris Getting his ass kicked, You won't find it. Cus' It just doesn't Happen!
The first paper money press was invented when Chuck Norris drew a design under his boot and stepped on a tree.
Chuck Norris can score a touchdown and a home-run while playing golf
In a blinking contest, Chuck Norris would win. From the sun.
Chuck Norris is not impressed with your facts...
Chuck Norris can turn left on red
Chuck Norris got pulled over once. The cop left with a ticket.
When Chuck Norris says "Jump", you don't say, "How high?" - you say, "When do I come down?"
Chuck Norris can drive a car without an engine.
Chuck Norris faced his toughest opponent yet...Rush Limbaugh...and his ego, but Norris won!
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble you win ... forever
Chuck Norris thought Sonic was too slow.
Chuck Noris does know why the chicken crossed the road, it was running from all the roundhouse kicks Chuck Norris was giving him .
Chuck Norris' motto is, "Got Pain?"
Chuck Norris struck out Alex Rodriguez on two pitches. With his hands behind his back.
Tungsten steel was discovered in Chuck Norris' DNA.
Chuck Norris can reach the top of an endless escalator, that's traveling the opposite direction.
Chuck Norris is allowed to talk in the library.
Chuck Norris is so bad, that one time he let me win a fight.....he still won!
Chuck Norris doesn't take pain killers, pain takes Chuck Norris killers
Chuck Norris does not call the wrong number you answer the wrong number.
In the first Jurassic Park movie, the Tyrannosaurus Rex wasn't chasing the jeep. Chuck Norris was chasing the Tyrannosaurus AND the jeep.
Edward Cullen dents cars. Chuck Norris dents Cruise Ships.
Chuck Norris packs his own parachute…..before he lands.
Every four years is a leap year, but only AFTER Chuck Norris tells the year to leap.
Chuck Norris jumps along the river
Chuck Norris CAN read her pokerface
The story of Chuck Norris once caused hotel to shut down is just silly. It was only temporary.
Chuck Norris doesn't have nerves of steel. Steel is nervous about Chuck Norris!
What does the fox say? Whatever the hell Chuck Norris tells him to.
The destruction of the World Trade Center in September 11, 2001, was really when Chuck Norris was playing with a paper airplane.
Most people have 23 pairs of chromosomes. Chuck Norris has 72... and they're all poisonous.
Chuck Norris goes sunbathing... Quite literally.....
With one hand, Chuck Norris can crush coal into a diamond
Chuck Norris played Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun and won.
Dragons did, in fact, once exist. But Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked them all to the face and used their hides to make his cowboy boots.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
In Soviet Korea, soldier controls gravity. In Oklahoma, CHUCK NORRIS CONTROLS ALL
Chuck norris can kick you in the back of your face
Chuck Norris is Superman's Kryptonite
Most tough men eat nails for breakfast. Chuck Norris does all of his grocery shopping at Home Depot.
Chuck Norris uses the Stairway to Heaven on his light workout days
The entire science community was recently thrown into chaos after it was discovered that actually E=CN.
Usually when kids go to sleep they sleep with a teddy bear...Chuck Norris sleeps with an actual bear
Chuck Norris does Rachel Marron's work
Chuck Norris gets served before he enters the restaurant.
Chuck Norris wears Orion's Belt around his pinky toe and he eats with the Big Dipper. 
Chuck Norris can make a lion turn vegan
Chuck Norris can sneak up behind a deer and slit its throat.
Moses did not part the Red Sea, Chuck Norris did it from the other side
If Chuck Norris shot a gun it would fly around the earth 50 times
[Insert funny Chuck Norris fact here]
Chuck Norris doesn't need to wear steel toes, his toes already are.
When Chuck Norris and Steven Seagal battles in hand to hand combat, the world ends
The atomic bomb was inspired by Chuck Norris' technique.
The United States never dropped the atomic weapons on Japan, Chuck Norris just jumped off the airplane and roundhouse kicked every building
Chuck Norris is the reason you are reading this!
Chuck Norris once straightened Medusa's hair for her!
Chuck Norris was bitten by a snake. Three days later the snake died.
A rattle snake bit Chuck Norris in the leg and the snake died instantly!!
There is no Escape button in Chuck Norris's computer because Chuck Norris escapes from nobody.
Chuck Norris chews radioactive Mercury and spits out energy....................and that's how nuclear power plants work
There is no such thing as an endangered species, they are Chuck's likes and dislikes.
Chuck Norris knows how long a piece of string is.
Chuck Norris lives in a all white house with all white furniture and all white carpet. Why? Dirt knows better 
Chuck Norris' food starts to digest as soon as he smells it.
Chuck Norris doesn't punch, he allows your face to meet his fist.
Chuck Norris employs a fair system by which he oversees the circle of life. It's called Natural Selection.
The reason it rains is because water wants to be closer to Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris drives to Hawaii.
Chuck Norris challenged himself to a staring contest and on the fifth day he won
When the Hulk saw Chuck Norris he turned back into Dr. David Banner and fled for his life!
Chuck Norris tested out of adolescence.
Chuck Norris was once in a gun battle, and the gun lost.
Chuck Norris made me write this
Chuck Norris watches Saturday Night Live on Friday.
Chuck Norris made Journey stop beleiving
Chuck Norris joined a baseball game. Upon stepping on the field, a home run happened! - every one running home for their lives!
The world ends on December 21st, 2012. Only because that's when Chuck Norris masters the Falco Punch
Auto correct will turn on if you type Chuck Norris incorrectly, even on a typewriter 
AC/DC's Highway To Hell is a song about the path between Chuck Norris' fist and your face.
Chuck Norris can shoot a bow with one hand
Chuck Norris is the only man who can stab you with a basketball- brandon delariva 
The impetus for the theory of Hawking Radiation began when Stephen watched Chuck smoke a Marlboro. 
2 guards told Chuck Norris to put his hands up then Chuck Norris shot them with a bullet from his index finger.
Chuck Norris inflated a flat school bus tire, with his lungs.
Chuck Norris once caught his shadow napping 
In the beginning of the universe there was the Big Bang... because Chuck Norris didn't use a gun silencer.
The Bermuda Triangle used to be the Bermuda Square, until Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked one of the corners off.
Like a good neighbor, Chuck Norris is ALWAYS there!
Chuck Norris stings bees when they annoy him.
Chuck Norris can write an autobiography about other people.
The fall of Rome is quite simple... The Emperor forgot to pay Chuck Norris the rent one month... big mistake.
One man hid in Soviet Russia thinking that the reverse would happen when Chuck Norris killed him. Thus radioactivity was born.
Chuck Norris can sneeze while holding his breath
Chuck Norris walks up his staircase to get to the basement.
Cement took a teaspoon of Chuck Norris to harden up!
Chuck Norris is the only one who doesn't have to tell PayPal to switch the funding source to his credit card. (Which by the way, has no limit!)
When Chuck Norris disarms someone, he literally takes their arms.
Chuck Norris CAN tame Miley Cyrus
Chuck Norris can play PS3 games....... ON A PS1
Chuck Norris had a part in the movie Titanic.....he was the iceberg.
Few people can go down Niagra Falls in a barrel. Only Chuck Norris can go up Niagra Falls in a cardboard box.
When Chuck Norris joined the U.S. Airforce. He was the only one who was allowed to keep his full head of hair, mustache, awesome beard. 
Chuck Norris drives an ice cream truck covered in human skulls.
The Universe is constantly expanding, in a futile attempt to escape from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can make onions cry from 10 paces
When Chuck Norris goes to the bathroom the Devil beter watch out.
Whenever you see a rainbow that's actually Chuck Norris roundhouse kicking Richard Simmons
Chuck Norris uses Thor's hammer for small jobs around the house. 
Chuck Norris has inside jokes with strangers.
Chuck Norris translated Tolstoy's War and Peace by one swift roundhouse. 
Why does Chuck Norris never put his hands in his pockets? He does not have a concealed weapons permit.
Chuck Norris ad portas (latin for: Chuck Norris is at the gate).
Chuck Norris can beat you at Black Jack only with the instruction card and the joker 
Chuck Norris won the Civil War with his beard
Chuck Norris is the reason why Professor X is on a wheelchair
When Chuck Norris goes skiing, he must wear gloves to prevent all the snow from melting. 
There is no such thing as a Chuck Norris joke, only a Chuck Norris fact, because if you joke about Chuck Norris you would be dead.
Chuck Norris is always ahead of everybody else. But during Daylight Savings Time he is 2 hours ahead.
Chuck Norris sued Facebook for posting his newest victims list
A Jedi said: "Let the Force be with you", Chuck replied "I am the Force."
If Chuck Norris and Charlie Sheen met in the same room the universe would end in an explosion of fists, tiger blood, roundhouse kicks and Adonis DNA!
Chuck Norris doesn't abide by the laws of physics, the laws of physics abide by Chuck Norris!
the Beatles broke up because Chuck Norris threated to round house John Lennon in the face. He's an Elvis man
Chuck Norris was banned from Search & Destroy on Modern Warfare 2 because he kept getting nukes in the first round and ending the games too quickly
When I want to know what is going on in the world I check chucknorrisfacts.com - because if it ain't Chuck related then it ain't worth bothering with.
To describe Chuck Norris's IQ, complex numbers were invented.
once little Chuck drew a trigonometry for his homework, later its known as the Bermuda Triangle
For a quick, easy read, try Chuck Norris’ reflective pamphlet, “Things I Might Have Done Better....”
Beggars give their change to Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris isn't strong, he's Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris cures his heartburn by swallowing two fragmentation grenades.
Chuck Norris' car went out of gas... The car decided better to move on... 
A speeding car cannot injure Chuck Norris, HE injures the car.
Chuck Norris is so brave that he actually gives real bears bear hugs
Water can drown if Chuck Norris stays underwater for too long
It was Chuck Norris who blew-up planet Vegeta; not because Saiyans could compete with him, but because they weren't competive at all.
Chuck Norris can write a book on a calculator
Chuck Norris once made a racist remark to a black man and got mad respect!
You don't see the womans face in Tom and Jerry because Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked her... through the TV
Chuck Norris is so sharp you can cut yourself just by looking at him.
Chuck Norris' hair whips itself back and forth.
Instead of drinking water, Chuck Norris hydrates himself with a glass of sulphuric acid.... Diluted with shards of glass.
ADD is not a disease, it is due to the fact that it is impossible to concentrate knowing Chuck Norris may strike at anytime
Chuck Norris is what the Hokey Pokey is all about
When Chuck Norris throws you into a bottomless pit, you hit the bottom.
Let's be clear, the only person that looks better than Christie Brinkley on the Total Gym is Chuck Norris on the Total Gym.
The sweat from Chuck Norris' beard has healing properties. 
Chuck Norris once drank wine from a chalice. This chalice is now known as the holy grail.
Chuck Norris never met a man he didn't like...who then continued living.
Chuck Norris drinks battery acid to sooth his heartburn.
Chuck Norris can fly a kite in a monsoon... without string..
Chuck Norris can read a CD with nothing but two pieces of wood and a rock
If Chuck Norris was the messenger, shoot yourself
Chuck Norris won American Idol, while on "the Voice"
Chuck Norris can spell other than U after Q.
Confucius say, "Don't mess with Chuck Norris."
Chuck Norris never needs to Google, Google Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris recently had the idea to sell his urine as a canned beverage. We know this beverage as Red Bull.
The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. There were no survivors. The pilot was never seen again.
If Chuck Norris had starred in Back to the Future, they wouldn't have needed a DeLorean to timetravel.
When singing 99 bottles of beer on the wall, Chuck takes one down and doesn't pass it around.
Chuck Norris stem cells can reproduce missing limbs
Chuck Norris can call himself on his own cell phone and not get a busy signal.
Chuck Norris blood is outlawed in professional sports.
If you Google search "Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked" you will generate zero results. It just doesn't happen.
Ninjas want to grow up to be just like Chuck Norris. But usually they grow up just to be killed by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris crawls at the speed of light.
Chuck once thought it was funny to shave the sides of his friends hair. The mohawk is now the coolest style of all time
Chuck Norris doesn't get hurt.  Hurt gets Chuck Norris
God didn't kill the devil, he hired Chuck Norris to do it
The writing on the wall consists of Chuck Norris' hit list.
When Chuck Norris enters a bar, everyone clears out to avoid any 2nd-hand Chuck.
They once named a street after Chuck Norris, but they had to rename it because no one can cross Chuck Norris and live.
Chuck Norris' cat eats pain for breakfast.
Clark Kent chose "Superman" as his superhero name because "Chuck Norris" was already taken.
"When Chuck Norris left his home at the age of 18 to be a movie star, he told his dad "You're the man of the house now"
Chuck Norris doesn't need to light a cigarette to smoke it
Chuck Norris can roundhouse kick you yesterday
The Energizer Bunny stops going when it sees Chuck Norris.
Bill Gates lives in fear Chuck Norris' PC will crash.
When you see Chuck Norris' picture on a t-shirt, Don't look at him in the eyes. Because everything the shirt sees, CHUCK NORRIS SEES!
Chuck norris can punch a cyclops in between the eye
Chuck Norris doesn't breathe, he holds air hostage.
chuck norris......................................................................................................nuff said
Darth Vadar's father is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't need to pay for the extended warranty.  He returns defective products to the manufacturer with a roundhouse kick.
When Chuck Norris stares at the Sun too long global warming occurs.
Chuck Norris invented lowercase letters. Someone had to show the capital letters who's boss.
Chuck Norris invented the printing press by putting two pieces of blank paper together
When Chuck Norris plays chess, the pieces come to life and kill the opponent
Chuck Norris once kicked a field-goal during his peewee days, that football is now call Halley's Comet.
Chuck Norris likes all comments
Chuck Norris can shoot a person 28 times with an unloaded gun.
Some people can kill two birds with one stone. Chuck Norris kills to stones with one bird.
Darth Vader vs Chuck Norris who will win. Some believes Darth Vader because he has the force, but don't forget that Chuck is the force!
Chuck Norris is known from coast to coast like butter on toast.
Chuck Norris found the 51st shade of gray
Chuck Norris once won a guitar battle against Jimi Hendrix with a pair of elastic bands. 
The square root of two is not irrational . . . It just hasn't recovered from a Chuck Norris roundhouse.
The fast pass lines at Disneyland were originally created exclusively for Chuck Norris. They helped save thousands of lives. 
How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could Chuck Norris? All of it
Chuck Norris can see into ur soooouuuullllllllll!!!!!!!!!!
Break a mirror and you will have seven years of bad luck; break Chuck Norris's mirror and he'll kill you.
While people drink Monster, monsters drink Chuck Norris.
Someone once videotaped Chuck Norris getting pissed off. It was called Walker: Texas Chain Saw Massacre.
Chuck Norris found the needle in the haystack. And Roundhouse Kicked it.
Contary to what some people think UFC does not stand for Ultimate Fighting Championship, it stands for Until You Fight Chuck and then life is over
Chuck Norris can roll up a flight of stairs.
The United States never dropped the atomic weapons on Japan, Chuck Norris just jumped off the airplane and roundhouse kicked every building
Simon doesn't say...Chuck Norris says.
Chuck Norris turned his Total Gym into a time machine.
If Chuck Norris killed Kenny, he'd stay dead.
Chuck Norris sleeps on a bed of one nail.
Chuck Norris took the Wrong Turn, nothing happened.
The dictionary references Chuck Norris several times, he is metioned under Fear, Law, Order and Chucktatorship.
The Bermuda Triangle was once The Bermuda Rectangle, just before Chuck Norris swam there
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy... but not Chuck Norris... he won't be dull and he's not a boy. He's THE man!
Chuck Norris doesn’t write his own jokes – he has billions of followers do to it for him
Someone once said that Superman could never be turned into a zombie.  Chuck Norris decided to test that claim and the result was Jason Vorhees
Life is a bitch, then you die... By Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is so awesome, he denied this fact!
Don't annoy Chuck Norris. He will roundhouse-kick you out of the universe.
Chuck Norris ONLY drinks orange juice after brushing his teeth.
When Chuck Norris was a kid, he entered a pool bombing competition. This place now widely known as the Niagara Falls.
The weakness of Chuck Norris is, he doesn't have a weakness.
Chuck Norris doesn't have feet, just another pair of fists.
Chuck Norris Got married to Hillary Clinton and their Child was Mr T.
Chuck Norris can install a program without accepting the TERMS & CONDITIONS 
There's no blood in Chuck Norris' veins. It's just one long strand of tobacco spit.
Chuck Norris' bike has no wheels. This is the bike he rode around the world with. 10 times
Chuck Norris can smell underwater
The first bird Chuck Norris saw ran away so he named it a chicken 
S.H.I.E.L.D. was created to protect the world form Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris dosent get lost...Everything around him is in the wrong place!
If Chuck Norris were the king of Camelot he would be the master of the knights of the roundhouse.
Chuck Norris can do the Crane Technique while levitating.
When the devil was cast from heaven, he was meant to be on earth's surface, but upon seeing Chuck Norris he went underground
"Chuck Norris' fist... created the Doppler effect"
If you laid all the ninjas Chuck Norris has killed end to end, Chuck himself will kill you for doing such a pointless and impossible task. Idiot! 
ABC WEAPON is short for Asking the Benevolent Chuck to Wipe Out and Exterminate all people of the other nations.
No one has ever asked Chuck Norris to think outside of the box 
When Chuck Norris calls his doctor, pigs will fly
Chuck Norris is over 9000!!!
Chuck Norris has given a snake a high-five.
Sticks and stones may break your bones, but Chuck Norris' glare will liquify your kidney.
The earth can't be destoryed by a meteor because 1. No meteor would dare go near Chuck Norris 2. If one did he would roundhouse kick it back to space
Chuck Norris made a volcano for a science fair, after he won he threw it into the Pacific and made Hawaii.
Chuck Norris is the calm before the storm
Chuck Norris doesn't need planes, he jumps.
Chuck Norris told Journey they can't have it anyway they want it
Chuck Norris has a lucky number. It's Pi.
"Death Note" Is Chuck Norris' TO-DO List.
Chuck Norris watched every episode of 24 in 24 seconds.
Chuck Norris can make a building bigger than the Empire State Building, with only dirt, dung and saliva.
When King Kong made it to the top of the Empire State Building, he saw Chuck Norris and jumped off.
Chuck Norris does not use TV guide......he already knows what is on all channels, at all times, on every cable/satellite provider.
When does Chuck Norris run out of shotgun bullets?.....whenever he wants to.
Never ding dong ditch Chuck Norris....He will follow the scent of fear
Chuck Norris eats through his teeth.
Chuck Norris does origami with dried concrete
the mona lisa used to smile, then chuck norris roundhouse kicked it
Chuck Norris can ring the church bell by pushing up the rope
Chuck Norris' name is never on the guest list - because if Chuck Norris turns up, Chuck Norris gets in
Chuck Norris knows Doctor Who
Chuck Norris shaves with a John Deere Tractor.
If you take the helmet off of Master Chief you find Chuck Norris. 
After the tsunami in Indonesia Chuck Norris promised not to through his sandals in the water again
The doctor that spanked Chuck Norris as a new born is displayed in a British Musuem. As a Pharoah!
Chuck Norris dose not do jumpin jacks they do chuck Norris.
On February 2nd they look to see if Chuck Norris has a shadow
When Chuck Norris visits a prison, he need escorts for prisoner's protection.
Chuck Norris is a fact.
Siri goes to Chuck Norris for information
Chuck Norris runs out of the house during a lightning storm. When asked he said " I dare it to strike me"  
Chuck Norris' boots weren't made for walking - Chuck Norris' boots were made for KILLING!
Chuck Norris has done more roundhouse kicks than Patrick Swayze
Chuck Norris can jump to the left and take a step to the right AT THE SAME TIME
Chuck Norris saves money when YOU pinch pennies.
When Chuck Norris plays Risk, he conquers the entire world and obliterates the other player's armies and wins in one move. With his beard.
Chuck Norris can crawl upside down, up a spiral staircase, in the dark.
The only reason Africa, Europe, Asia, and Austrailia are so far away is because they're afraid of Chuck Norris is after them.
The US Government doesn't test UFOs in Area 51, they just test what can make Chuck Norris sneeze. So far nothing...
Chuck Norris can in fact dig to China
Chuck Norris doesn't get punch-drunk. He punches drunks.
Chuck Norris invented the printing press by putting two pieces of blank paper together
If Chuck Norris was a character on Street Fighter every button would be a Round House Kick
When Chuck Norris speeds, he is actually pursuing the police 
The fact that the evil killer doll from the movie 'Child's play' is named 'Chucky' is not a coincidence.
Chuck Norris can do a one man rendition of The Imperial Death March as he walks into the room, full orchestra.
Chuck Norris dives in shallow water.
Chuck Norris can chew cotton candy.
How many pressups can Chuck Norris do?
Chuck Norris' indian name is "He who can kick your ass anytime anywhere"
Chuck Norris never gets faced with danger.  Danger gets faced with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can speak Russian... in Chinese.
When police call for back-up, they're referring to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can beat a ski jump with a hop, skip and jump
Bruce Lee didn't defeat Chuck Norris.  Chuck hit Bruce with a Delayed roundhouse kick that was so fast that Lee only felt the impact a year later!
new never-before-seen behind-the-scenes shots from Walker Texas Range shows Chuck Norris carrying his truck home after it broke down
Once Chuck Norris took a vacation. The bad guys were still worried.
Chuck Norris once jumped into a pit of lava on a bet. The lava burned to death.
While vacationing in France, Chuck Norris went out for a casual bike ride and accidentally won the Tour de France.
Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse-kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.
Chuck Norris can make pigs fly.
When Chuck Norris tried a Birdman suit, he flew uphill.
The Easter Bunny was the Easter Bear, till it crossed Chuck Norris.
Bruce Springsteen calls Chuck Norris "The Boss."
When Chuck Norris gives you the bad finger, he's showing you how many seconds you have left to live.
When Chuck Norris recycles paper, it turns back into a tree. 
Alpha was originally going to call Chuck to be the only Power Ranger, unfortunately he had to settle for 5 teenagers
Chuck Norris keeps his friends close and his enemies closer. Close enough to drop them with one round house kick to the face.
The cover of Chuck Norris' The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy says “No, you should panic.”
Chuck Norris doesn't go nuclear; Nuclear goes Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris never dies unless you  call the  U.S army and the F.B.I.  They will call the swat team and they will kill him
The pyramids were actually built in 1950 by ten year old Chuck Norris after his mother confiscated his Legos for building a nuclear reactor with them.
Chuck Norris can say BeetleJuice three times
Chuck Norris doesn't prepare dinner; dinner knows when to be ready
Optimus Prime is the nickname for Chuck Norris's toaster.
Chuck Norris can lick his own elbow while doing a roundhouse kick
You know how the old saying goes, you don't know Chuck Norris until he's roundhouse kicked you in the face
Elvis may have more hits than Chuck Norris but only because Chuck Norris only needs to hit you once
Chuck Norris visits www.n-eutronic.blogspot.com
In Chuck Norris' yard, money does grow on trees.
EVERYbody LOVES Chuck Norris! ...or else...there is no "or else"!
When Chuck Norris was a kid he taught his parents to stay away from strangers
Chuck Norris could wipe the smile off the Mona Lisa with one precise roundhouse kick!
Chuck Norris once gave a man an apple.Today that man is known as Steve Jobs.
Chuck Norris can cure Beiber fever.
Chuck Norris can hear sign language
Chuck Norris doesn't need planes, he jumps.
Chuck Norris is not a lady's man, he is a man of lady's.
NASA beams episodes of Walker, Texas Ranger to outer space as a warning for Aliens of what will happen if they invade Earth.
Chuck Norris doesn't bungee jump the ground just runs away 
Arnold Schwarzenegger stopped acting because Chuck Norris dared him to steal his identity one more time and make another Terminator film.
Chuck Norris takes sleeping pills every morning and drinks coffee right before bed.
When Chuck Norris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not have to "Fight for his right to Party". Parties have to fight for their right to Chuck Norris.
Chuck doesnt trim his beard, it does it on its own
Chuck Norris "did the Deid"--then gave it a roundhouse kick to the face!
Rambo is Chuck Norris' pet human.
Chuck Norris doesn't take Calculus, Calculus takes Chuck Norris
The chemical make-up of Chuck Norris' blood is one part monitor lizard, one part rattle snake venom, and 100% whoop ass.
Nostradamus saw a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick from the future and died
Chuck Norris can swan dive into double rainbows.
Chuck Norris can check out books from the Library of Congress
Chuck Norris can milk an alligator
Chuck Norris once hit 3 touchdowns during a friendly game of full-contact bowling.
Chuck Norris messes with the Zohan.
When Chuck Norris walks into a room, you can here Bruce Buffer announcing his arrival !"It's Time !!!
Chuck Norris can run the 4 min mile in 3 mins..... Underwater!
The first thing James Cameron saw when he reached the Challenger Deep was Chuck Norris snorkeling down to test his new watch.
Bruce Lee once defeated Chuck Norris. Where's Bruce Lee now?
Chuck Norris can light a fire by snapping his fingers
Chuck Norris once played The Price Is Right.  The prices attempted to guess the numbers Chuck Norris was thinking of.
Chuck Norris can swim on land.
Harry Potter is known as 'The Boy Who Lived' because Chuck Norris allowed him to.
"Everytime a bell rings"...Chuck Norris kills someone with a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris uses grip tape for face wipes.
The saying "Kill two birds with one stone" actually came from when chuck Norris downed two Peregrin Falcons with one roundhouse kick.
The Expendables is called that because Chuck Norris isn't in it.  Chuck Norris is not expendable.
Chuck Norris caught all the 493 Pokemon... With the Yellow version.
When Chuck Norris holds his breath time stands still
reason for earth`s rotation is chuck norris walking
Chuck Norris knows sign language. It consist of roundhouse kicks and fists to the face.
When Chuck Norris calls 1-900 numbers, he doesnt get charged. He holds up the phone and money falls out.
(Your fact here)
When Chuck Norris swims around the world in 1 sec. flat, he doesn't get wet, the water gets Chucked...
When Google has a question.... It ChuckNorriss it.
What is the difference between a fight and a battle? Chuck Norris.
Majority of scientists nowadays believe that the Big Bang wasn't in fact a birth of the universe, but the birth of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can achieve warp speed, while sleeping,
Chuck Norris can pet a porcupine
Chuck Norris already knows what The Rock is cookin'.
Chuck Norris was suppose to play ironman, but then there would be no need for the suit
Some magicians can make people disappear. Chuck Norris can make magicians disappear. 
Macho Man Randy Savage snaps into a slim-jim. Chuck Norris snapped into Macho Man after he realeased that awful rap cd in 2003.
Chuck Norris can answer rhetorical questions...with his fist. 
Chuck Norris could win both the Miss Universe pageant and Mr. World contest instantly.
Chuck Norris played the game of thrones and won
Chuck Norris can checkmate with only kings on the board.
If Chuck Norris doesn't know it, it's not worth knowing.
Only Chuck Norris knows Colonel Sanders secret recipe.
Chuck Norris grinds his coffe with his teeth then boils it with his rage
During the Civil War Chuck Norris was a slave, his master would often beg him for mercy
Why IS the Incredible Hulk green? He saw Chuck Norris.
Batman does have a limit - Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris doesn't smile, the corners of his mouth run upwards away from his fists.
It's my money, and Chuck Norris wants it NOW!!! 
What would Chuck Norris do if he got a Virus on his PC? He would personaly track it down and Walker-kick it!
Chuck Norris once planted a box of Cheerios in his yard, the result was a donut tree.
Between love and madness lies Chuck Norris
All Chuck Norris wants for Christmas is your two front teeth.
Chuck Norris can see clearly long before the rain is gone.
Chuck Norris can drive a plane... and fly a car
Chuck Norris IS the force
Chuck Norris can actually jump-start a car by simply yelling under the hood.
Tapeworms give food to Chuck Norris.
Once, Chuck Norris was asked to fight The Most Interesting Man in the World.  Chuck Norris cock slammed him so hard, they felt the Earth move in Haiti
Chuck Norris crawls at the speed of light.
When Ronald Reagan was in office, Chuck Norris went to Russia to get his soccer ball. That's why the Communist Empire fell.
The phrase 'dead ringer' refers to someone who sits behind Chuck Norris in a movie theater and forgets to turn their cell phone off.
Chuck Norris could win the Super Bowl with the Browns and the World Series with the Cubs
Tom Clancy has to pay royalties to Chuck Norris because "The Sum of All Fears" is the name of Chuck Norris' autobiography.
Needles can't puncture Chuck Norris, so when Chuck Norris donates blood he uses his beard and a bucket.
Chuck Norris prefers to personify bugs so he's less emotional about killing them.
Chuck Norris woke up Jeff, then knocked ALL The Wiggles out.
Chuck Norris doesn´t get hit by cars, they get hit by HIM.
For every victim of a Chuck Norris round house kick, there is a star. As you can see, there are a lot
A Meteor Did Not Kill The Dinosaurs, Chuck Norris Just Decided To Go Hunting.
Chuck Norris charges money for his autographs because they double as "No Trespassing" signs.
Someone Once Put Chuck Norris On Hold, That's Where Term "Choke Hold" Comes From.
Chuck Norris does not have to answer the phone. His beard picks up the incoming electrical impulses and translates them into audible sound.
Dante Alighieri's "Dante's Inferno" was about the place where Chuck Norris rounhouse kicked people to.
People don't die from natural cause, they die from Norris causes
When Chuck Norris is feeling down he watches "Paranormal Activity" for the laughs.
Back in the 1980s, Chuck Norris killed 60 people in front of Matlock. Needless to say, the case never went to trial.
Chuck Norris has been to DFS when there hasn't been a sale on.
Chuck Norris was a pokemon card, until they took it out of the market cause the Chuck Norris card was level infinity.
Most people hope for presents from Santa every year. Santa hopes for presents from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris Once Caught The Flu.It was the wrong man.
Chuck Norris left before he arrived. 
Chuck Norris is allowed two carry-ons.
Chuck Norris knows how deep is the abyss.
Chuck Norris came before both the chicken AND the egg
When Chuck Norris falls over, the ground needs a band-aid
Chuck Norris doesn't get shark attacked, the shark gets Chuck Norris attacked.
When Chuck Norris plays Halo his search preferences are Skill, he can't find anyone
Gibbs Paradox is the equation for Chuck Norris' roundhouse kicks.
When Chuck Norris wants a Klondike bar, no one makes him do anything.
Chuck Norris found the needle in the haystack. And Roundhouse Kicked it.
Chuck Norris doesn't read. He just stares at the book until he gets the information he wants.
There are pictures of Chuck Norris taken, before the camera was invented.
Chuck Norris has the rights to be the ruler of every country
Obama voted for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.
The Titanic wasn't sank by an ice-berg. Chuck Norris ran on the sea from shore to header Jack and missed him therefore hitting the starboard side
You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Chuck Norris will find you and kill you.
When Chuck Norris reads a Chuck Norris Fact, he doesn't laugh. he simply nods.
Chuck Norris has held the World Championship in every weight class at the same time.
A Chuck Norris costume is available for purchase...... you can't afford it 
Chuck Norris doesn't live in America. America lives in Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris dosen't need a job because he gets all his income from being Chuck Norris and round-house kicking u in the face
Explosions walk away from Chuck Norris in slow motion.
When Chuck Norris works out, the machine gets stronger.
Popeye had lost his right eye due to a bar-fight against Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is a vegetarian. Meaning, he does not eat animals until first he puts them into vegetative state with his fists.
Chuck is unstoppable force of everything existing still.
Chuck Norris doesn't obey laws...the laws obey him.
If Chuck Norris lived in New Hampshire the state motto would be "Live Free AND Die".
Chuck Norris doesn't break hearts, he shatters them.
Pangea did exsist, but then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked the earth.
Chuck Norris arm was once trapped under a rock. Chuck Norris still didn't notice.
Chuck Norris is the only person who can write history of the future.
Chuck Norris only weakness, is weakness, of course!
Rough, tough, Chuck Norris has got the stuff.
If you get the Chuck Norris piece in Monopoly, you win.....Forever.
If you have a dollar and Chuck Norris has a dollar , then Chuck Norris has two dollars and you have no money!! 
The Great Wall of China was originally created to keep Chuck Norris out. It failed miserably.
Chuck Norris was once a Kamikaze pilot. He tested 4 different planes on 20 different ships.
Chuck Norris never wears steel toe boots, they make his roundhouse kicks softer.
Chuck Norris once made chilli in Italy and the bowl overflowed the result of this was Pompeii
Chuck Norris can preform inception. He roundhouse kicks his ideas into your brain.
Jean Claude Van Damme tried to grow a beard like Chuck. He became known as Seth Rogen.
The first Black Hole was created when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked someone so hard they shot into space and ripped through it
One time, at band camp, Chuck Norris ate a percussionist.
Chuck Norris discovered a color darker than black!
Fear of Chuck Norris is called logic
Chuck Norris never pays admin fees
Chuck Norris could read a Japanese textbook in 29 seconds.
Rock singer Tom Petty has decided that he would in fact back down to CN
Chuck Norris never gets faced with danger.  Danger gets faced with Chuck Norris.
The phrase "to do some Chuck Norrising" exists. But it describes something that nobody can do - except Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can actually walk to the top of the steps in that M.C. Escher drawing.
If Chuck Norris were a cat he would have ten lives.
With one hand, Chuck Norris can crush coal into a diamond
In a normal human hands the sock isn't a weapon, but in Chuck Norris' mighty hands it's as deadly as 10 nukes put together
Chuck Norris is the only one who can divide ZERO to ZERO!!
Only Chuck Norris can kill himself with a roundhouse kick, and then come back to life to take revenge.
Chuck Norris can break a plastic bottle in a bar fight
Chuck Norris. Well thats all you need to know.
Water can drown if Chuck Norris stays underwater for too long
Chuck Norris is the walrus. The "goo goo gjoob" that follows is the sound of blood gurgling from the Beatles throats.
Thirty years ago, Niagara Falls challenged Chuck Norris to a pissing contest. Chuck Norris is still winning.
Chuck Norris fired Donald Trump on the Apprentice
Chuck Norris knows the answer to "to be, or not to be"
What do you spell if you rearrange the letters in Chuck Norris's name. Nothing, because you can't mess with Chuck Norris. 
Chuck Norris always makes the shower head cry.
Chuck Norris doesn't fall, he merely tests the durability of the floor with his face. 
Chuck Norris bungee jumped off of the Tower of Pisa.....once.
Roses are red, violets are blue, as is your face, when Chuck Norris chokes you.
Chuck Norris was strapped to an electric chair once. He powered the state of Texas for three months.
Your first submission to this site will be rejected simply to reiterate the fact that if you do not succeed the first time you are NOT Chuck Norris.  
Chuck Norris doesn't have a bed, because he visit Freddy Krueger's dreams every night.
Chuck Norris can play Through the Fire and the Flames on expert, and get 100% with one hand.
Once the batmobile accidentally hit Chuck Norris. He roundhouse kick it. Now the batmobile is known as Voyager.
When Chuck Norris plays Super Mario Bros., Princess Peach is in the first castle.
in a real zombie apocalypse, Chuck Norris can roundhouse-kick 53,596 zombies dead.
100% Chuck Norris's exports is pain
Chuck Norris knows what's behind the border of the universe
If Chuck Norris was a woman - He would still be a man 
Chuck Norris is my Homeboy.
CIA does not stand for Central Intelligience Angecy, it stands for Chuck Is Alive
The Grimm Reaper fears the day Chuck Norris comes for him
Chuck Norris wasn't allowed on the panel of X Factor US because the citizens couldn't hear the other judges over his awesomeness!
When Chuck Norris plays a burned 360 game online before it comes out..you get banned from xbox live
Chuck Norris doesn't need to wear steel toes, his toes already are.
Chuck Norris can take a selfie with a walkman.
Chuck Norris owns a legal 78 card poker deck
Chuck Norris drives to Hawaii.
No matter how hard you hit Chuck Norris his beard never moves
Chuck Norris is the greatest thing, period, despite his invention of sliced bread.
Rough, tough, Chuck Norris has got the stuff.
Chuck Norris was once asked "Are we truly alone in the universe?" to which Chuck replied "Not yet, but I'm booked on the next space shuttle, so, soon"
The Best Miracle Ever To Happen Is CHUCK NORRIS! Thank God I Live In His Prime!
If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck then it's probably someone roundhouse kicked by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris named his parents
Chuck Norris punches EXIT signs, nothing tells Chuck Norris what to do.
Once Chuck Norris took a vacation. The bad guys were still worried.
Chuck Norris didn't sign the Declaration of Idependence because he wanted the British to think they had chance.
Chuck Norris can answer rhetorical questions...with his fist. 
You don't invite Chuck Norris. He invites himself.
"If Chuck Norris would be president, the "Defense department" would be renamed "Offense department".
Harry Potter needs 8 movies to seek and destroy Voldemort. Chuck Norris needs 4 seconds.
Cameras use Chuck Norris to take selfie of themselves. 
Chuck Norris does not submit homework.  Homework submits to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can blink his eyes without closing his eyelids
Chuck Norris walked into a bar. There were no survivors.
Chuck Norris is the only man who can stab you with a basketball- brandon delariva 
Nostradamus predicted that Chuck Norris would get allergic to dust by 2012. That explains everything.
Chuck Norris can make a stuffed animal bleed.
Chuck Norris tells signs what to do.
Chuck Norris doesn't use mac.
When Chuck Norris gets a physical, it takes an entire hospital to take his pulse.
Chuck Norris is Man's Best Friend...but if you break the Law, the Law breaks you!
The meteor that killed the dinosaur was actually a bullet from Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris was a kid he saw a fat chick, he roundhouse kicked her so hard she transformed.  She is now known as Britney Spears.
When Chuck Norris goes to rodeos, bulls ride him.
Chuck Norris can surf Niagara Falls on a bar of soap.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked the turbines of Hoover Dam. Since then, the Colorado River is a tourist attraction.
The local gym is open 24 hours a day. Chuck Norris is there 26. 
The meaning of life is whatever Chuck Norris says it is.
The quickest way to a man's heart is with Chuck Norris' fist.
The reason why Thomas Lang is real good at banging drums is because he saw Chuck Norris vibrating his legs and ready for a roundhouse kick.
Barbwire wants a tatoo of Chuck Norris.
30 lumberjacks once tried to cut off Chuck Norris's beard... They were never seen again.
Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
There's a medical term for those who willingly defy Chuck Norris....organ donors.
It is said that some animals can camouflage to hide themselves. It won't work on Chuck Norris, because he finds you whether you like it or not.
Cujo rolls over and shows his belly in submission when he sees CN.
Frodo had to take the one ring to Mount Doom, Chuck Norris stared at the ring and it ran there itself
Chuck Norris can unlock a car door with a hanger......a wooden hanger
If fire plays with Norris it's gonna get Chucked.
Violin strings are made of strands of Chuck Norris' beard
Chuck Norris was born as a result of dividing by zero.
When Chuck Norris looked in the mirror, the mirror shattered..no one gets between Chuck Norris and Chuck Norris.
To have some fun, every now and then Chuck Norris strangles his shadow.
There is only one thing we can be sure of in life.... Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris buys Ikea furniture, it comes fully assembled!
Chuck Norris eats friends fries
If Chuck was in the actual game, Captain Falcon would be to slow......................... Chuck doesn't even use a car oh ya, I'm talking about F-Zero
Chuck Norris finally decided he wanted to give Leonardo Dicaprio an Oscar!
Chuck Norris doesn't need electricity at his house, everything runs out of fear.
When Chuck Norris has his picture taken, it is NOT a Kodak moment.  Kodak would have been roundhoused kicked out of the picture anyway.
The Universe is not expanding. Its running away from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can fit a square peg in a round hole.
Chuck Norris can break a snakes legs
Chuck Norris played who will blink first, with a mirror. And he won
Chuck Norris can bend light with a roundhouse kick.
When Chuck Norris breaks a guitar string, he simply plucks a new one from his beard.
The grass is always greener on Chuck's lawn...always
The last time Chuck Norris did a roundhouse kick the universe was born.
Noah was the only man notified before Chuck Norris relieved himself in the Atlantic Ocean.
Chuck Norris has to shave with bolt cutters. Fact.
The smoothie was invented when Chuck Norris needed information from a banana.
Chuck Norris doesn't have hair, just flames.
"If Chuck Norris was a woman"- He would still be THE MAN
Chuck Norris had to stop making movies. Too many casualties in the end.
Chuck Norris made Clint Eastwood's day.
Chuck Norris was once asked by Marvel to be the Incredible Hulk in a movie. Marvel was tired of special effects.
When you play the Chuck Norris Yu-Gi-Oh card, you win every game within a 100 mile radius. Even if it's not Yu-Gi-Oh.
The earth can't be destoryed by a meteor because 1. No meteor would dare go near Chuck Norris 2. If one did he would roundhouse kick it back to space
Chuck Norris doesn't need sunglasses, the sun needs Chuck Norris glasses
Chuck Norris makes HDTV look clearer
Chuck Norris beat Rocky Balboa
Chuck Norris is the missing link
Ever wonder what happened to Olivia Newton John's face, well, when she told Chuck Norris to get physical, he did...
Chuck Norris is the only person who can win the game. Period.
Chuck Norris will give you the shirt off his back, and then roundhouse kick you to the face and take it back.
Great Hurricane of 1780 was caused because Chuck Norris was roundhouse-kicking Jackie Chan in a movie.
Chuck Norris had six kids, they were called SEAL TEAM 6
Chuck Norris knows who's buried in Grant's Tomb.
No one is born bad, except Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can count to infinity. Backwards.
Screw Scott Pilgrim. Chuck Norris fought against the world and won.
B. A. Baracus was never afraid of flying! He was just worried that he would bump into Chuck Norris and have nowhere to run!
Chuck Norris and Satan got in a staring contest Satan burned up from the intensity
The square root of Chuck Norris is a roundhouse kick.
Some say... the only thing faster than the Stig around the Nurburgring is a Roundhousekick from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris eats frozen Hot Pockets.
Chuck Norris can get blackjack with one card
Only Chuck Norris can buy banana in Apple Store.
Chuck Noris can touch this.
Chuck Norris found Nemo
In the X-Men movies, none of the X-Men super-powers are done with special effects. Chuck Norris is the stuntman for every character.
In International Sign Language, the gesture for "Chuck Norris" is to drop dead.
Chuck Norris CAN break your stride.
Chuck Norris doesn't shave..... his beard is retractable.
The most reliable form of renewable energy is found in CnRhk (Chuck Norris Roundhouse kick) but the tehnology to harness it just hasn't been invented.
Chuck Norris never reads the News – because Chuck Norris IS the News
Chuck Norris made use this shirt
Once when Chuck Norris was stranded in the wilderness, animals came to him to be eaten
Chuck Norris completed Gauntlet 2... on the first level.
Chuck Norris invented zombies so that he can kill his victims again.
Chuck Norris can hold his breathe for nine years.
Chuck Norris starred in the Expendables, he was the action
The Bermuda Triangle gets lost in Chuck Noris's beard.  
When Chuck Norris claps his hands thunder stays quiet.
Chuck Norris has heard the actual voice of Charlie Brown's teacher...
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble you win ... forever
In Ancient Egypt, Chuck Norris threw several roundhouse kicks at a rock pile. Thus the Pyramids were formed.
Chuck Norris can hear a tree fall in the woods!
Chuck Norris is so bad-ass he can chop a lightsaber in half with his own fist
If Chuck Norris killed Kenny, he'd stay dead.
Chuck Norris had a pet monkey. We know him as King Kong.
If you meet Chuck Norris in a game,dont tell it is him or you will be roundhouse kicked in the face
Ever notice how Chuck Norris has no gray hair? Age said "Forget it!" and walked away - out of fear, of course.
Chuck's Roundhouse would make Patrick's Roadhouse look like a Bambi flick!
Chuck Norris does not need oxygen, oxygen needs Chuck Norris
After returning from World War 2 unscathed, Bob Dole was congratulated by Chuck Norris with a handshake. The rest is history.
If Leonidas tried to kick Chuck Norris into a pit, Chuck would laugh at the kick and roundhouse kick him around the world twice to land in said pit.
Chuck Norris makes carrots see in the dark
When Chuck Norris was a kid, he entered a pool bombing competition. This place now widely known as the Niagara Falls.
Chuck Norris doesn't need fish, he simply goes to a river or lake & says:'You,you,you,you in the bucket'
Chuck Norris CAN keep up with the Joneses
The movie 'Scream' was made for anyone the ever annoyed Chuck Norris.
Neil Armstrong was the first man on the moon, but Chuck Norris sat on his shoulders.
Chuck Norris had no friends in his childhood because they all died playing dodge-ball with him.
The only reason people can win something is because Chuck Norris didn't take part.
Chuck Norris can play techno music with his heart
Chuck's 5 gallon hat holds 10 gallons
During the Civil War Chuck Norris was a slave, his master would often beg him for mercy
The Black Eyed Peas used to be called "The Peas"... until they met Chuck Norris.
In each mitosis, telomeres shorten... except for Chuck Norris cells
CHUCK NORRIS CAN BEAT MANNY PACQUIAO
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in ravioli. He stuffs a live turtle with beef and smothers it in pig's blood.
The ash cloud was not caused by the Icelandic Volcano, Chuck Norris was having a barbecue.
Once, Chuck Norris was asked to fight The Most Interesting Man in the World.  Chuck Norris cock slammed him so hard, they felt the Earth move in Haiti
How do you call Chuck Norris sons ........Demi Gods?
Last Halloween, Chuck Norris's Jack-o-lantern smashed three teens in the street.
Usain Bolt only began running when he heard, Chuck Norris was in Jamaica shooting a commercial for Red Bull
You don't decide your destiny, Chuck Norris chooses it for you.
Barry Bonds didn't inject steroids.  He injected Chuck Norris' sweat.
The last time Chuck Norris cried Noah built an ark.
Chuck Norris is the reason why George Michael is never gonna dance again.
Chuck Norris can do a roundhouse kick faster than the speed of light. This means that if you turn on a light switch, you will be dead before the lightbulb turns on.
Chuck Norris hit a home run, he didn't swing the bat, he just scared the ball out of the park.
Chuck Norris gets straight A without attempting the exam.
Chuck Norris eats eight meals a day. Seven are steak, and the last is the rest of the cow.
In Archery Chuck Norris can hit a bullseye with no arrow.
Chuck Norris doesn't need transportation, his location goes to him.
Chuck Norris rang the freedom bell once. He cracked it.
Whenever Chuck Norris signs into Xbox Live he everyone playing a match automatically loses...  Forever.
Stop laughing. Chuck Norris is no joke.
If you insult Chuck Norris, when you wake up, oh wait.........you won't
Chuck Norris decides whether the jury is guilty or not then he sentences them and the judge
If you see Chuck Norris fighting a bear you better jump in and help the bear.
Chuck Norris didn't beat his habit. He kicked it.
Chuck Norris is a bit like the tooth fairy exept he takes out the teeth.
Whenever Chuck Norris gets out of bed, Satan cries "Oh crap, he's awake!" soils himself and then hides.
A woman onced told Chuck Norris to buzz off. The sherriffs found her a year later falling from the sky with a footprint on her stomach.
If bee stings can cure arthritis then Chuck Norris can cure aids
Epic Fail Guy, failed to estimate Chuck Norris' sheer streangth.
Chuck norris can beat veteran mode on modern warfare 2 on recruit 
Did you know that 2 Aleve have the same pain relief as 8 Tylenol? Chuck Norris does not know this. Chuck Norris feels no pain.
When Chuck Norris goes to a party he raises the roof......literally. 
Chuck Norris doesn't flirt all he says is NOW
Chuck Norris can un-break Toni Braxton's heart.
Chuck Norris can play XBox KINECT without moving!
Chuck Norris can pause a livestream.
Chuck Norris can round house kick a quarter (in the air) and make a booger squish out of George Washington's nose.
Chuck Norris always messes with the Zohan, the Zohan never messes with Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris drives through a red light the police don't dare follow him out of fear 
Whenever Chuck Norris sends an E-mail, It comes out of a local post office as Blackmail.
Chuck Norris plucked an apple that wasn't quite ready, so he put it back on the tree.
Chuck Norris can lead a cow downstairs
Ever notice how Chuck Norris has no gray hair? Age said "Forget it!" and walked away - out of fear, of course.
Chuck Norris was not born, he was forged.
When Chuck Norris get's on  Call of Duty the campaign is beat and he get's a special  achievement.
The boogie man checks his closet at night for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can win a chess game with only his king on board
I am Chuck Norris, and I approve this roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris can listen to pictures.
When you ask SIRI , about Chuck Norris , the iphone crashes
Chuck Norris is the only person who can bring his boots to a gun fight and win.
The #1 killer in the Revolutionary War was not disease it was Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris gets angry steam comes out his ears like a kettle, then his saliva boils. He then spits into a tub, and has a nice bath.
They say curiosity killed the cat. This is false. Chuck Norris killed the cat. Every single one of them.
Chuck  Norris  doesn't  smoke  cigars.  He  smokes  smoke  grenades.
When Chuck Norris drinks, he NEVER breaks the seal.
Chuck Norris doesn't build snowmen, he makes them build themselves!
When Chuck Norris uses splash, your Pokemon's faint.
When Chuck Norris was 6, His mother gave him a pen and a notebook.. He gave the world "Dictionary"
Chuck Norris doesn't need a gun to shoot someone in the head.
Bruce Springsteen calls Chuck Norris "The Boss".
No one made this site. The computer decided to make this
Chuck Norris doesnt need sissy flowers, he needs chainsaw
If you see Chuck Norris, you won't see Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once started a non-profit business. He was a billionaire by the end of week.
Chuck Norris wins arguments with women. 
Every time there's an earthquake, you know Chuck Norris is hungry. The earthquake is caused by his stomach growling.
Chuck Norris' fists are so fast only dogs can hear them. 
When Chuck Norris take a shoot in soccer the goalie runs away screaming and still gets peged.
Chuck Norris made Super Man stop in his tracks.
Who gets what, when and how? CHUCK NORRIS has the capacity to answer this! 
Dragons did, in fact, once exist. But Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked them all to the face and used their hides to make his cowboy boots.
  A group of MIT geometry students recently discovered that the Kids Corner On Chuck Norris' website is, in fact, the missing corner of a circle.
Chuck Norris has Wii Sports on his iPhone.
What’s known as the UFC, or Ultimate Fighting Championship, doesn't use its full name, which happens to be "Ultimate Fighting Championship, Non-Chuck-Norris-Division".
Baseball players collect Chuck Norris cards.
Bruce Lee's weapon of choice is the nunchuck, which is named after Chuck Norris' toothpick.
Not an atomic bomb destroying Hiroshima & Nagasaki, Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick does when he drank Saki too much
Chuck Norris is the reason Pluto is no longer a planet.
Chuck Norris simply walks into Mordor
Chuck Norris catches cat naps while he blinks.
chuck Norris dosent have a shadow because it was in his way
Whoever said "only the good die young" was probably in Chuck Norris's kindergarten class.
The Beatles originally sang "All you need is Chuck Norris"
Chuck Norris wears a hat because if the crystaline structure of his beard ever hit light, it would magnify it, creating a fire. Just ask the dinosaurs
Most dogs have their day- Chuck Norris' dog has a week.
Dog the Bounty Hunter can't track Chuck Norris down.
Chuck Norris taught Regan MacNeil how to turn her head 360 degrees.
When an unstoppable force meets an immovable object, Chuck Norris kills them both.
Chuck Norris doesn't commit suicide. Suicide commits him!
To kick or not to kick? That is the- Wait. Chuck Norris never questions.
Chuck Norris can fire Vince McMahon
Chuck Norris doesn't wish on stars, he gives them demands
Chuck Norris can kill 4 birds with half of a stone, didn't know there was such a thing as half a stone?  Neither did the birds.
When Chuck Norris stands on the beach, the tide is afraid to come in.
The only place where the Starship Enterprise refuses to boldly go is Chuck Norris' planet...which is all of them.
Chuck Norris once threw a perfect game before stepping out onto the mound.
Chuck Norris cam make a 3-point dunk.
Chuck Norris CAN buy me love.
Don't annoy Chuck Norris...just ask The Roman Empire
Chuck Norris doesn't go nuclear; Nuclear goes Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris stuck the sword in the stone
When Chuck Norris talks he uses telepathy. Using actual vocal chords would cause the Universe To Create Itself. Again.
Chuck Norris invented skinny jeans.
Chuck Norris ran the LeMans 24 hours and won 1st place in all groups with one car.... in 12 hours.
When Chuck Norris goes skydiving at 10,000 feet he jumps into the plane... from the ground.
Chuck Norris jumped off a bridge into a river. The water didn't live much longer.......
Big Bang happened as a result of Chuck Norris sneezing
Chuck Norris offered to execute death row prisoners in Texas. The state chose electrocution instead as they felt it more humane to the condemned.
Chuck Norris is the reason Darelle Revis hasn't signed with the Jets. He invaded Revis Island and roundhouse kicked Revis into another dimension
When you create your password it tells you the strength.  When Chuck Norris types in a password.... need I say more?
The Lockness Moster and Big Foot have pictures of Chuck Norris
Osama Bin Laden is hiding from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris knows what Willis is talkin' bout
When it comes to Chuck Norris, you can't run, you can't hide, you can't become non-existent... he'll find you.
Cameras can't take pictures of Chuck Norris because nothing can take anything from Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris never comes late because time is not stupid enough to correct Chuck Norris
Scientists believe that a giant meteor killed off the dinosaurs. This is true, if you can consider Chuck Norris to be a giant meteor.
Did you ever wonder? why Chuck Norris beard never goes off? simply no razor dares to shave it.
The atomic bomb that went off in Japan in 1945 was actually empty. Chuck norris just happened to touched it and it went off.
When Chuck Norris went skydiving, the air moved for him.
Chuck Norris' keyboad has no delete key. Chuck Norris never makes a mistake!
When Chuck Norris plays hide-and-seek, he yells, "Ready or not, this will hurt a lot!"
Chuck Norris can lift a bed, he's lying on, while asleep.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a tree. Linkin Logs were created.
When Chuck Norris is feeling down he watches "Paranormal Activity" for the laughs.
Chuck Norris could play cd-based games on his Nintendo 64.
The Great Pyramids were actually prototypes for Chuck Norris boot removers
The hardest known subsatance in the universe is Chuck Norris's will.
Chuck Norris can eat with his mouth closed the whole time.
Chuck Norris can get a strike in bowling using a ping-pong ball.
Bill Gates once told Chuck Norris he had more money than him. Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Bill in the face......to prove him wrong!!!!
How do you pack so much cheese into a Cheez-it? Chuck Norris. 
Chuck Norris played red rover once... 3 people were decapitated. 
When Chuck Norris wants butter, he doesn't need to do it like all the other people, he just roundhouse kicks the cow and the butter comes straight out
Chuck Norris’ house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.
The apple falls far from the tree, when a roundhouse kick is taken to the trunk.
Chuck Norris can slice meat so thin it has only one side.
Chuck Norris once created a time machine and had to fight himself. We call it The Big Bang.
Chuck Norris can only be the Man and the Legend. He's no myth.
Before rising in the morning, the Sun has to put on Chuck Norris Screen
Chuck Norris can cover a Beatle's song on Youtube and won't get comments saying he ruined the song.
Chuck Norris doesn't breathe... He holds air hostage.
In World of Warcraft, there is a weapon called The Toothpick of Buck Florris... It's a two hand epic sword...
Originally, Caterpillars were never meant to fly. Chuck Norris scared the caterpillars into butterflys.
There will never be a zombie apocalypse, because when Chuck Norris bites zombies, they turn back into humans.
Chuck Norris can pull out apps from his iphone
In Soviet Russia, you do not kill Chuck Norris, he still kills you.
Chuck Norris once stayed at the Hotel California and was allowed to check out...and leave.
Chuck Norris killed death with his pinkie.
Jacob and Edward both wear Team Chuck Norris t-shirts.
Chuck Norris started forest fires and blew em out when he yawned
Chuck Norris eats plates.
The only reason the sound barrier has been broken is because the sound barrier mistook Chuck Yeager for Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris knocks you to the ground, not only do you bite the dust, it becomes your last meal.
Chuck Norris once played the NY Rangers to a 2-2 tie, the Rangers then promptly quit, no one wants to play Chcuk Norris in Sudden Death!
Danger has another name.It's called Chuck Norris
Clothes dont fit Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris fits clothes.
Chuck Norris doesn't think much of the Big Bang...He can bang bigger
Chuck Norris can heal himself and make money by typing "hesoyam".
Most people fight the Green Knight and barely live to tell the tale. The Green knight fought Chuck Norris and didn't live. 
Curiosity didn't kill the cat....Chuck Norris did.
An iceberg didn't sink the Titanic. Chuck Norris did it with his canoe.
Chuck also has a Swiss Army Knife - but his includes an arc welder, lathe, drillpress and plasma cutter.
Chuck Liddell got such a fright when he heard that Chuck Norris was in town. He changed his name to Alice !
Some say bad people go to hell when they die, they really go to Chuck Norris' house where they shall be roundhouse kicked for eternity.
Chuck Norris doesn't use white out. He just blows the error off the page. 
When someone tells Chuck Norris the world doesn't revolve around him, they start floating away.
Stewie's head is shaped like a football because Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him for stealing his motto. "Victory is mine!"
Chuck Norris has a working appendix.
Chuck Norris knows the way to Amarillo
The original title of the song was "all you need is Chuck Norris".
There is more awesomeness in Chuck Norris than there are stars in the universe.
When Chuck Norris walks into a casino, they pay him to leave
Chuck Norris can give you two instantaneous black eyes, broken nose, fractured skull and 5 broken ribs just by looking at you.
Godzilla was Chuck Norris' pet fish
Chuck Norris threw out the opening pitch at a baseball game once.  The game was canceled, and Chuck Norris was declared the winner.
In Call of Duty Black Ops, Chuck Norris can Prestige after level 1, and receive gold camo.
When Rolaids has heartburn it takes Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris once passed a kidney stone. It was later used in the Miley Cyrus video, "Wrecking Ball"
Chuck Norris uses black holes to clean his dishes
The flu gets Chuck Norris shots
Chuck Norris once pushed a door that said,"pull."
Dianne Feinstein added Chuck Norris to the top of her proposed list of dangerous assault weapons!
Chuck Norris doesn't pay his electric Bill they just stay on out of fear of what would happen if they turn off
On a high school math quiz, Chuck Norris put violence as all the answers. He got an A++
Chuck Norris won a marathon by getting out of bed
Chuck Norris's other car is a tank.
Not many people know that "I think therefore I am" is incomplete. The full sentence is "I think therefore I am afraid of Chuck Norris"
The cape of Superman is actually Chuck Norris's handkerchief.
Muhammad Ali may float like a butterfly but Chuck Norris stings like a roundhouse kick to the face
Chuck Norris has his own private company for makeing diamond edged petrol powerd clippers to trim his beard
Chuck Norris doesn't need a bulletproof vest to be bulletproof
Chuck Norris decides whether the jury is guilty or not then he sentences them and the judge
Chuck Norris actually beat Tetris. Yes he liked the ending. No you can't see.
Chuck Norris doesn't need a case for his phone. The ground is afraid to break it.
Where did Big foot go? Chuck Norris's beard
Chuck Norris can watch 50 tv's at the same time
Chuck Norris won the Le Mans Auto 24 hours in 15 minutes.
Chuck Norris once ate a sardine can full of killer whales.
What's the last thing that goes through your mind when you fight Chuck Norris?.....his foot.
When Chuck Norris plays golf, the HIGHEST score wins.
Chuck Norris knows exactly what time he went to sleep.
Chuck Norris does not chew his food, his tongue round-house kicks it down his throat.
Handicap parking spaces aren't for handicap people. Its actually Chuck Norris' spot and you will become handicap if you park there.
Waldo said Chuck Norris isn't cool, that's why he's hiding.
Chuck Norris sleeps on razor blades.
Chuck Norris doesn't own a toaster. He scares the bread into toast.
After a shower, Chuck Norris dosen't need a towel, he just tells the water to get the hell off!
Chuck Norris doesn't die. He just goes to hell and regroups.
Rome may have not been built in one day, but the Sears Tower was by Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris takes out a loan from the bank, the bank pays him interest
Chuck Norris is the only one who can solve the Cyprus problem
Chuck Norris can win Chess in -1 moves.
Chuck Norris would punch that...........
When Chuck Norris jumps in water, he does not get wet. the water gets Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris is pain’s middle name.
Every rainbow Chuck Norris sees is a double rainbow.
In Soviet Russia, Chuck Norris makes jokes about YOU.
Chuck Norris uses nuclear misiles to heat his hot water bottle
Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany.
When Presidents speak, their nation listens. When Chuck Norris blinks, the whole World listens. 
Chuck Norris has a black and red, striped chain belt in Tang Soo Do.  
Contrary to MC Hammer's belief... Chuck Norris can and does touch this.
Chuck Norris can win the game.
Chuck Norris can buy a Ferrari from a Honda car dealer.
Before Chuck Norris was born he was a planet, at that time there were 11 planets, a planet crossed Chuck... we know the remains as the Asteroid Belt.
A guy was on youtube and found a Chuck Norris ingame in Soul Calibur 4, he commented "If Chuck Norris was in there, the console should have exploded"
Earth, Wind, Fire and Water were made to stop Chuck Norris. It failed.
Look Ma, I'm on the Chuck Norris website!!!!!!!
Chuck Norris brought down polytheistic religions down to monotheistic ones.
Chuck Norris breaks Ivan Drago. Not the other way round.
Chuck Norris knows the last digit of pi. 
Chuck Norris can dribble a wrecking ball!!!
Chuck Norris doesn't hammer nails, he just stares at them and they hide of fear.
Chuck Norris is such a great sportsman that he can surf on clouds.  
Chuck Norris once cut himself in the kitchen, and the onions cried.
Chuck Norris once dropped out of med school--he kept prescribing his patients to a dose of pain.
PlayStation network was never hacked. Chuck Norris just decided to play one day.
Chuck Norris got into a knife fight. The knife lost.
Chuck Norris took the Wrong Turn, nothing happened.
Why is the roundhouse kick called the roundhouse kick? Because Chuck roundhouse kicked down a round house when he was born. 
Man Law #241:  No skinny jeans allowed unless approved by Chuck Norris..........................like Chuck Norris would approve of skinny jeans......
Chuck Norris doesn't make Carlsberg, if he did, there'd be no probably about it. 
When Chuck Norris lifts weights, the weights get stronger.
The band, Five Finger Death Punch, was named after Chuck Norris.
An ingame Charecter named Azazel in Tekken 6 was perfect K.O'd by Chuck Norris using his staring technique.
Chuck Norris can say BeetleJuice three times
Chuck Norris never hates anybody, his round house kick is faster then any emotion. 
Too much of a good thing is Chuck Norris
If you build it he will come - He is Chuck Norris and you DON'T want to build it !!!
Chuck Norris won his fantasy football league with no players on his team.
Chuck Norris reads with his eyes closed. 
Chuck Norris knows the answer to "to be, or not to be"
Chuck Norris holds the world record for most push ups done in a hour, the number is all of them
The atom acelerator in the Cern, Switzerland is the second quickest acelarator in the world, the first quickest is, Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick
Chuck Norris once made a crippled man run away.
Chuck Norris was once pulled over.....he proceeded to arrest the police officer.
When Chuck Norris donates blood, he gives twenty gallons. None of it is his own.
Lord Voldemort refers to Chuck Norris as "He who must not be named".
Chuck Norris' freezepop of choice is Shards O' Glass
Chuck Norris can break open a Piñata without touching it.
Chuck Norris has Jessie's Girl.
The calendar that you and I live by is a mere suggestion to Chuck Norris.
They found Chuck's diary...It is now known as The Guiness Book of World Records.
Chuck Norris can tell you how to get to Sesame Street
When Chuck Norris asks you to stop mid-sentence, you
Lord Voldemort fears Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris once replied to a 'no-reply' mail, and got the answer he wanted.
Chuck Norris once kicked a can of Pepsi so hard that it turned into Mountain Dew.
Chuck Norris drinks coffee to go to sleep.
Chuck Norris' first pet was Clifford the Big Red Dog, he got bored with him and got Godzilla.
The Moon doesn't control the tide... Chuck Norris swims in the ocean twice a day!
When Chuck Norris fought Bruce Lee, Bruce changed his name to Bruised Knee
Chuck Norris invented the alphabet for one reason only.... so he could spell his name.
Chuck Norris can clap. With one hand. 
It takes a whole village to raise a child. False. It takes Chuck Norris.
A Handicapped parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there.
Chuck Norris doens't read books, he stares them down unil they tell him what he wans to know
Chuck Norris gave his little cousin a noogy. The headless horseman was born...
Johnny Cash may Walk the Line, but Chuck Norris drew it.
Chuck Norris and Superman have never been seen at the same place at the same time. You know what that means: Superman fears Chuck Norris. 
Unstoppable force meeting an immovable object? Chuck Norris clapping.
Chuck Norris doesn't play video games. Games play for him.
When Chuck Norris forgets his password... He'll have access anyway!
The destruction of the World Trade Center in September 11, 2001, was really when Chuck Norris was playing with a paper airplane.
Chuck Norris can beat Mount Rushmore in a staring contest.
E2  = CN
Chuck Norris is so sharp you can cut yourself just by looking at him.
When Chuck Norris was in kindergarden he made his teacher spit out her gum.
Chuck Norris can beat you in a game of Connect Four in three moves
Chuck Norris doesn't shoot guns, guns shoot for him
Wherever you go, Chuck Norris will already be there.
When Chuck Norris visits New Hampshire he niether Lives Free nor Dies
Chuck Norris never comes late because time is not stupid enough to correct Chuck Norris
Every night when Chuck goes to sleep, his beard detatches itself, picks up a small knife and sprints towards the city in hopes to match his killcount.
Chuck Norris never eats fast food. The food stops to let him eat
Beware of dogs... Dogs, beware of Chuck Norris.
The reason why batman only comes out at night is because he's afraid he might encounter Chuck Norris in the Morning and afternoon.
When the first Lunar mission was landed on the moon CN came to greet the astronauts with coffee.
Chuck Norris once took care of four baby turtles. They later became known as the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
A group of children once said, "Red rover, red rover, send Chuck Norris over." Those children were the dinosaurs.
Chuck Norris turns his game off while saving.
The shark in Jaws, the piranha in the Piranha movie and the crocodile in Lake Placid,etc. are all trained pets of Chuck Norris. 
Chuck Norris is the reason why the words "Bad" and "Ass" came together to form Bad Ass
When Chuck Norris competes he finishes in 1st place. When Chuck Norris' opponents compete they finish in dead place
Chuck Norris, featuring the Expendables.
Chuck Norris can win a staring contest while blinking
Chuck Norris was on the show 'Survivor' once.  They mode a movie about it.  That movie was called 'Predator'
Santa leaves out cookies for Chuck Norris.
When an unstoppable force meets an immovable object, Chuck Norris kills them both.
Luke wanted to know the ways of the Force.  The Force wanted to know the ways of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' cell phone contract expired 5 years ago. The phone company is just too scared to tell him.
Chuck Norris can see his forehead without using a mirror.
What happened when Chcuk Norris crossed the road? Nothing, Chuck Norris doesn't cross roads, they cross him, and get roundhouse kicked in the face!!!
Chuck Norris doesn't wear sunscreen, the sun wears Chuck Norris-screen.
Chuck Norris' Laptop has Carpal tunnel syndrome.
Bill Gates owes Chuck Norris money
Pluto was once a planet. Until Chuck Norris sneezed.
Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick can kill 10 billion people. Theres only 6.8 billion people on earth
Chuck Norris' cell phone contract expired 5 years ago. The phone company is just too scared to tell him.
humans figh to live. Chuck Norris lives to fight
Most tough men eat nails for breakfast. Chuck Norris does all of his grocery shopping at Home Depot.
Mr. Miyagi is the ONLY one Chuck Norris calls Mr.
The UN does not negotiate with terrorists, they let Chuck Norris deal with it.
Chuck Norris has no shadow because he destroyed it while shadow boxing.
Chuck Norris once cried just to see what it was like. The end result was the creation of life.
Chuck Norris played "Got your Nose" with Voldemort and won.
Chuck Norris puts the fun in funeral
Chuck Norris puts the laughter in manslaughter.
Chuck Norris can checkmate you in any game, including poker and scrabble.
Obama is the president of America...But Chuck Norris is the president of Obama
Chuck Norris can power a city by fear alone.
Chuck Norris found the fountain of youth, but......he wasn't thirsty.
Chuck Norris's beard is the only thing in the universe Wolverine cannot slice through. Once Wolverine found this out, Chuck roundhoused him. He died.
When Chuck Norris points and shouts "HAXXX", comets hit the earth.
Porky Pig originally spoke without stuttering, but that was before he met Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris sang rain rain go away and it did.
Chuck Norris can zip up a button jacket.
Chuck Norris won the world cup with one roundhouse kick to the face.
Kevlar was actually invented by weaving Chuck Norris nose hairs together 
Alantis was a real place until one day they found out Chuck Norris was coming for a visit and they couldnt handle the pressure.
The world won't end in 2012, it will end when Chuck Norris gets bored of it. 
Once, Chuck Norris starved his dinner to death.
When Chuck Norris wants to go to a Drive-Thru, he does it LITERALLY...
Chuck Norris can outstare a man with two glass eyes.
Danny Devito was once over 6 feet tall, then he forgot to stand up when Chuck Norris entered the room
Chuck Norris can talk to ants
Chuck Norris is what Willis was talking about.
Han Solo didn't shoot first...Chuck Norris did.
Chuck Norris knows what is on its antipodes
They say that "You can't cheat Death", but Chuck Norris can beat it fairly.
The english man, scotchman and irishman flew to the moon, who came the first...............Chuck Norris did.
Chuck Norris starts his day off by backstroking up Niagara Falls. 
Chuck Norris never thinks, he always knows what to do.
Chuck Norris is so cool that when kids play checkers they don't say king me, they say Chuck Norris me.
Chuck norris once had a planet sandwich with a side neutron stars with a tall glass of solar energy.
The vampires from True Blood use "C", Chuck Norris blood, to get high. They say it killed some of them.
Chuck norris does not live for the moment, the moment lives for him.
Chuck Norris can dribble a bowling ball.
Chuck Norris tied a knot out of String Theory.
In all the Friday the 13th movies Jason is always hiding from Chuck Norris
If you see Chuck Norris it's a sign for the circle of life: someone will die and someone will be born.
Chuck Norris literally dug a hole to China
In Soviet Russia, Chuck roundhouse-kicks you anyway.
Chuck Norris trained one man, he is now the HULK
Chuck Norris saved 15% on his car insurance in 3 minutes and 49 seconds
Chuck Norris uses the Stairway to Heaven on his light workout days
When Thumper pounds his foot, Chuck Norris is near...
If you write Chuck Norris on a dollar bill, George Washington will roundhouse kick you in the mouth.
The Big Bang may have created the universe, but, Chuck Norris created the Big Bang.
For Chuch Norris, ANYTHING counts in horseshoes and handgrenades.
When Chuck Norris walks into a casino, they pay him to leave
Chuck Norris messed with Texas. 
Chuck Liddell got such a fright when he heard that Chuck Norris was in town. He changed his name to Alice !
Posers have used Old Spice and gotten to the power close enough to Chuck Norris, but then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked them in the face.
Chuck Norris actually died 10 years ago, death is too scared to tell him
Chuck Norris has banned rainbows from the state of North Dakota.
Chuck Norris knows what color a smurf turns when you choke it.
The Spartans is a failed attempt to clone Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was asked to star in Night of the Living Dead but filming was ended after the zombies were to afraid to be roundhouse kicked in the face.
Mike Tyson tried to bite off Chuck Norris's ear now he wears dentures
Chuck Norris' beard is so tough, shaving cream and Gillette Fusion ProGlide can't even do anything to it.
The atomic bomb was inspired by Chuck Norris' technique.
Chuck Norris can turn carbon paper into diamonds.
When Chuck Norris sneezes, it rains.
Chuck Norris' handshake can collapse the atoms of Vladimir Putin's hand.
Chuck Norris fought in his underwear....now they are called boxers.
When Chuck Norris dives into a pool, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet, the water gets Chuck Norris-ed
Napoleon had a 'Chuck Norris' complex
Obama says, "Yes We Can." Chuck Norris says, "I definatly can, and if you follow me I might not roundhouse kick you".
Chuck Norris can fire Vince McMahon
Chuck Norris' jokes don't have punchlines. they have footprints.
The dinosaurs laughed at Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris kicked Humpty Dumpty off the wall.
Chuck Norris will never die, but get bored of us and leave.
Chuck Norris doesn't live on the Earth, the Earth lives on Chuck Norris.
Only Chuck Norris can Enter The Dragon
Chuck Norris can fly a plane backwards.
2012 is when Chuck Norris feels like messing with some fire crackers
Black holes are created when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks stars in the face.
Rivers run....from Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris punches a punching bag, a random person somewhere in the world dies.
Chuck Norris knows who anonymous is
Chuck Norris found Waldo, roundhoused him, into space. that's why the world can't find him.
Only 3 things are certain in this world. Taxes, Death, and Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris plays Farmville too, it's called the midwest. Other countries send him resources when he requests. We know it as trade.
Chuck Norris makes HDTV look clearer
Chuck Norris can watch Blu Rays on a VCR.
A vampire tried to bite Chuck Norris, now it wears dentures.
Chuck Norris NEVER has radio interference.
If Chuck Norris looks you and you survive you are a bad ass
Try singing "You can't always get what you want" by the Stones to Chuck Norris...
Chuck Norris uses flying saucers as frisbees.
There is only one micro-fibre stronger than steel.....and that's Chuck Norris' beard.
There are only two things that can cut diamonds, other diamonds and Chuck Norris.
Santa Claus sees you while you're sleeping...but Chuck Norris can see you while Santa Claus is sleeping!
The movie 300 was really about how Chuck Norris defeated the Persian army with 300 roundhouse kicks.
Chuck Norris can not only accelerate beyond the speed of light... he can accelerate beyond the speed of dark!
Chuck Norris can count to a billion in ten seconds going one one thousand, two one thousand...etc
Chuck Norris rejects your reality and substitutes it with his fist.
Chuck Norris can make a temperpedic bed rock.
Chuck Norris flights are never delayed, time is too scared to make Chuck Norris wait.
Chuck Norris never has to catch his breath. His breath has to catch him.
Chuck Nnorris doesn't slips on black ice, Black ice slips from under him
Chuck Norris can shoot a sword.
Chuck Norris isn't invincible.  Invincibility means being Chuck Norris.
There once was a man named Chuck Norris... end of story
The pen is mightier than the sword. But Chuck Norris' beard is mightier than the pen.
Chuck Norris can rearrange your DNA just by thinking about it.
Dont focus on the finger pointing at the moon. Focus on Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can play any amount of different instruments at once....with his beard.
Chuck Norris CAN talk about Fight Club.
Chuck Norris puts 'Baby' in a corner.
In the X-Men movies, none of the X-Men super-powers are done with special effects. Chuck Norris is the stuntman for every character.
Superman changed his name to Wonder Woman after serving in prison with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris jumps along the river
Chuck Norris' keyboard doesn't have an F1 key because he doesn't need help...EVER
Chuck Norris can speak a language inside of another language.
Chuck Norris fought the law and won.
Chuck Norris beat Nazi Zombies.
Chuck Norris goes on Jeopardy and doesn't answer in the form of a question. 
If truck drivers really wanted people to "back off", they'd have a mud flap with Chuck Norris on it.
Chuck Norris is better than Google, because you can find everything in Chuck Norris' beard.
When Chuck Norris uses the white crayon, colors appear.
When a tank shoots Chuck Norris the tank explodes
What used to be know as Woolly Mammoths are now called Elephants because when Chuck Norris looked at them, he scared all of the hair off of them.
Chuck Norris can write on toilet paper using a scalpel.
Until now, only one man has challenged Chuck Norris. His whereabouts are unknown.
We do infact, live in 5 dimensions; height, width, length, time, and Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris was born, the only person who cried was the doctor. Never slap Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris doesn't own a toaster. He scares the bread into toast.
Chuck Norris can see the far side of the Moon... from Earth.
Chuck Norris can cut scissors with paper
Every time Chuck Norris blinks...a baby is born.
Chuck Norris once met a vegetarian.... he is now Hannibal Lecter.
What do you get when you cross a dinosaur with Chuck Norris? Nothing. Nobody crosses Chuck Norris.
Chuck norris goes to Jurassic Park to adopt a pet
Chuck Norris photos are frequently used as laxatives because he is so tough he will scare the crap out of you!!
Chuck Norris........
Chuck Norris can pick up Thor's hammer.
The only man-made site visible from outer space is the great wall of Chuck Norris.
Nuck Chorris
Chuck Norris does not have to buy a turkey for the holidays. The turkey comes to his house, gets in his oven and commits suicide
Animals hunt each other. Humans hunt Animals. Vampires hunt Humans. Werewolfs hunt Vampires. Chuck Norris KILLS these.
Chuck Norris... actually there is no app for that.
Chuck Norris was a comedian, but everyone started to die of laughter.
Chuck Norris does not speak. Words try to escape his mouth.
Not even Chuck Norris can defend Chuck Norris from Chuck Norris.
The best burglar alarm is a picture of Chuck Norris outside your front door.
When he was born Chuck's parents named him after himself.
Why did the Kernel Sanders die? Because he wouldn't give Chuck Noris the secret recipe.
Chuck Norris is a true gentleman. Always willing to protect a Damsel in Distress and Steven Sagal.
Chuck Norris' eyes made flamethrowers obsolete.
Willis was talking about Chuck Norris.
Bob the Builder asks if we can fix it, Chuck Norris already did.
Chuck Norris has only one friend on Facebook: Pain.
Chuck Norris Once Played A Ring Toss Game, The Ring Flew Away And That Ring Is Known As The Rings Of Saturn
When Chuck Norris gets pulled over he read the officers his rights
Chuck Norris is the reason why the midget in the Wizard of OZ hung himself
Chuck Norris doesn't have to answer this question.
God doesn't say Chuck Norris' name in vain.
Chuck Norris has a small fish tank consisting of a blue whale, a great white shark and even an elephant.
Chuck Norris wasn't born, he was ejected from a Volcano
Chuck Norris can be on both sides of a black hole at the same time
Chuck Norris breaks Ivan Drago. Not the other way round.
Chuck Norris isn't allowed at the zoo because when he's there the animals are terriefied to come out their cages
Chuck Norris is the law, and if you break the law, the law breaks you.
In Soviet Russia... Roundhouse kicks Chuck Norris you in the face. But the outcome is still the same.
Chuck Norris doesn't have a beard on his face. Chuck Norris' beard has a face.
When Chuck Norris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.
Just don't piss off Chuck Norris!
Remember the great San Francisco earthquake, Chuck Norris was never allowed to jump again. 
Treadmills try to keep up with Chuck Norris.
Who's your daddy? CHUCK NORRIS!
Chuck Norris can melt steel in one breath.
Only 3 people in the world have seen Chuck Norris cry; Ray Charles, Stevie Wonder, and Helen Keller
Chuck Norris can fly underwater
The only reason it gets dark at night is because Chuck Norris comes out to play and the sun runs away..
There are 3 kinds of death in this world. Slow painful death, quick painless death, and Chuck Norris.
Lightning doesn't struck twice, Chuck Norris does
Devil stays in hell because he knows Chuck is around, here on earth.
Chuck Norris smashed a mirror over a black cats head while standing under a ladder, then won the lottery
Brinks Home Security installed Chuck Norris
The real reason that Oprah is ending her show on television is that Chuck phoned and said "That's enough!"
some have killed two birds with one stone... Chuck Norris killed two stones with one bird.
Chuck Norris is the reason Mario started shrooms.
Goku once threw a kamehameha at Chuck Norris and survived
Chuck Norris can straighten a circle....
Chuck Norris can play the violin with one hand
People sell their souls to the devil.  The devil sells his soul to Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris stoped the ice age with a single match.
Chuck Norris can complete an 18-hole golf course in nine strokes.
If you see Chuck Norris coming at you from the T.V., it's not 3-D effects.
Chuck Norris can buy Adidas shoes from Nike
Steroids were banned from athletics because they tested positive for Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris tells a joke it's not a punchline......it's a roundhousekickline.
AIDS Can't Kill Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris does, in fact, live in a round house.
Chuck Norris can disarranged the alphabet letters alphabetically
Chuck Norris made this sentence finish.
DragonBallZ series ended after Chuck Norris released his Kamehameha
Chuck Norris isn't scared of Hitler. Hitler is scared of Chuck Norris.
Onions can't make Chuck Norris cry, but Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Chuck Norris is the reason dogs bite their own tail.
Descartes said, "I think, therefore I am."  Chuck Norris disproved this by delivering a roundhouse kick squarely to the core of Descartes' being.
Chuck Noris can make grapes from wine
Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost
300 is the minimum Chuck Norris rolls in bowling.
Got Milk? No, Chuck Norris has it.
Chuck Norris once audited the IRS
Whipped cream was invented because it whipped itself into a frenzy over fear of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can get coffee out of a tea bag
Chuck Norris once had to perform brain surgery. He let his beard do it. 
If Chuck Norris wants your opinion, he'll beat it into you.
Chuck Norris can make an atheist believe
If you spell CHUCK NORRIS in Scrabble, you win forever.
Animals hunt each other. Humans hunt Animals. Vampires hunt Humans. Werewolfs hunt Vampires. Chuck Norris KILLS these.
Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.
Chuck Norris is not a cellular being but a metaphysical exposition of man's fear.
Chuck Norris once missed a kick during a fight. The opponent and everyone within 100ft was knocked out by the sonic boom. He vowed never to miss again
The war with Japan would have ended sooner, but the allies decided that dropping Chuck Norris on Hiroshima would be a crime against humanity.
Chuck Norris once had a heart attack. His heart lost
'THE ROCK' smells what Chuck Norris is cooking!
May the Norris be with you.
What is the worst part about getting a roundhouse kick to the face from Chuck Norris? Not being able to thank him afterwards
Chuck Norris eats nails for breakfast... without any milk.
When Vegeta reads Chuck Norris' power level, he doesn't shout "IT'S OVER 9000!!!", he shouts "IT'S OVER INFINITY - TWICE!!!".
Chuck Norris can leave a voice mail on printed paper
The real reason that Oprah is ending her show on television is that Chuck phoned and said "That's enough!"
Chuck invented Texas Hold'em. Originally it wasn't played with poker chips but with lives. I guess we all know who always wins.
Chuck Norris knows the way to Amarillo
Chuck Norris can close Pandora's Box.
When Chuck Norris saw The Last Airbender he killed everyone who worked in the movie
Chuck Norris stared in to the mirror and said, "there can only be one Chuck Norris." Then his reflection cried and walked away.
When Chuck Norris sneeze, he don't say "Atchoo" he says "DIE EVERYONE!!!". That's what happens next.
Each time there is a solar eclipse, if you listen carefully, just when it ends, you can hear Chuck Norris saying “I warned you…”
Stocks rise and fall. Chuck Norris is constant.
The only reason Chuck Norris isn't President is because congress won't allow him his own party.
Chuck Norris can run the Naked Mile naked, without taking off his clothes.
Chuck Norris once put out a music album with out lyrics or a beat and it went platnium 
When you shoot at Chuck Norris, the bullet hits you.
Chuck Norris can't just roundhouse-kick. He can squarehouse-kick. And trianglehouse-kick. Did we mention the tornadohouse-kick?
Chuck Norris can win a game of golf with one swing... A swing of his leg!!
Chuck Norris donated a drop of blood to a dying vampire, his name was Dracula
Chuck Norris is the reason for the teardrops on your guitar
Chuck Norris can annoy the annoying orange.
Chuck Norris once played rugby by himself.  He went undefeated. Chuck Norris once played rugby by himself.  He went undefeated.
Whoever puts the candles on Chuck Norris' birthday cake has a tough time trying to figure out how to put on infinity. 
The hole in the ozone layer only developed because Chuck Norris decided a darker tan would look good on him.
In the event of a water landing, Chuck Norris may be used as a floatation device.
Chuck Norris can cook toast in a kettle.
Italy looks like a boot....you know who owns that boot.
Deaf people can hear Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris terminated Arnold Schwarzenegger
Chuck Norris is The Man in the Moon
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked the turbines of Hoover Dam. Since then, the Colorado River is a tourist attraction.
The "C" in Einstein's E=MC (squared) stands for "Chuck". The "M" is a typo. 
Chuck Norris was practicing his kicks, when he kicked so hard his foot went back in time and hit Amelia Earhart while she was flying over the Pacific.
When Chuck Norris throws a boomerang, it doesn't come back. But when he throws a stick, it comes back.
Chuck Norris is tougher than my grandmother's Christmas sweaters.
Chuck Norris, Arnold Schwarzenegger, and Bruce Willis walked into a bar, and the building fell down because nothing can contain that much awesomness.
Chuck Norris walked into a bar, and the bar said ouch.
When Chuck Norris was given a Toyota Camry instead of another car as a prank, he roundhouse kicked a Toyota factory. The kick caused Toyota's recalls 
Bullies stuff Nerds into lockers; Chuck Norris stuff Bullies into Nerds.
Chuck Norris doesn't play hop-scotch or jump-rope. He plays hop-Scotland and jump-Rome.
Rome wasn't built in one day, it was built in 6 minutes...by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has a batting average of 12
Door bells were invented so Chuck Norris wouldn't "Knock" down your door...
Chuck Norris can nail Jello to a tree
Michael Jordan can air-walk. Chuck Norris can sprint underwater.
Chuck Norris has 12 moons. One of those moons is the Earth.
Chuck Norris checked out from 501 with an 8 dart finish.
The sheep on Chuck Norris' farm are the ones that give us steel wool.
When Chuck Norris swallowed a bucket-full of sleeping pills, he blinked.
Stephen King writes a horror book twice a year, Chuck Norris makes a horror 10 times a day.
Chuck  Norris can ice fish in the desesrt
Bees are Chuck's invention made to present us our fate, if we try to sting him. When the bee stings him, we die twice...
Chuck Norris was alive in the time of the dinosaurs....he was known as a Chuckasaurus
Drones are afraid of Chuck Norris strikes
Chuck Norris can whistle with his mouth closed
Chuck Norris watched the first steps on the moon... From his summer home on Mars
The Candy Man is afraid to say Chuck Norris in the mirror five times
Chuck Norris is the eighth wonder of the world.
Chuck Norris can beat Sudoku puzzles with fractions and decimals
If a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick hits you, you will die, If he misses, the wind from the kick gives you pneumonia, you will die. Don't tease Norris!
Chuck Norris can leave it alone, and get it back again.
Chuck Norris knows the square root of -2.
Chuck Norris knows all 11 secret herbs and spices.
Tom Bodett leaves the light on at motel 6 out of fear of Chuck Norris
Everyone rides horseback, but horses ride Chuckback.
The gravity around Chuck Norris is so great that light cannot escape.
Onions can't make Chuck Norris cry, but Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Chuck Norris hit a home run in a football game.
Most wigs are made from Chuck Norris hair, his hair grows so fast because it is trying to escape his body.
Chuck Norris can cut scissors with paper
Chuck Norris doesn't need a fallout shelter, HE IS the shelter.
Tony Iommi and Chuck Norris went on a "duel" once to determine the fastest on guitar... look what happened to Iommi`s left hand
